The 4th dimension is time, it is proven and exists. So in relation to time traveling beings this makes sense, but not other ones.

5th or further would be a different dimension that is not discovered, just saying.Having broken through the veil of reality with DMT I can confirm you are correct. All "reality" is is based on your perception. Perception is the No1 most important thing to our existance. Next is language. Language is the only way information can be transferred. But back to perception, reality is contained within our heads. We can with proper training alter reality. Now as to why no-one has come forward and showed off these powers you need to understand that every human is their own universe and that we are limited to seeing only what we are hardwired to see through our faulty senses. I'm sorry if this makes no sense but there is no language in this dimension that can describe the concepts in my head. Because you talk of tyranny when there is none. You talk of white genocide when there is none. You ask why people tolerate state monopolies when it readily obvious for us whose gone through various stages of privatization that the state monopoly provided by far the best service for the buck spent. 

As a European I simply cannot even begin to imagine where you draw your conclusions from. It must be ignorance or some other dimension. Barely anything you've written in these lengthy replies resonates with the reality I live in.&gt; this only works gradually and logically, you can't just imagine you'll have wings and voila. As per (4) each shift can only happen when it's just as likely for either result to occur.

Ever heard of Dimensional Jumping?  Check out /r/dimensionaljumping for more info.

It's all about jumping to another reality that is not a logical extension of your current reality.  It's like you detach your consciousness from your current reality stream and reattach it to a different stream.  

Some people have claimed to have some miraculous effects.  

Also check out URL_REPLACED this guy claims to have actually teleported his body.

And URL_REPLACED was written by a scientist working with Robert Monroe on scientifically testing the idea of out of body experiences.  They have some amazing claims and his whole thing seems to be that the universe is actually non-deterministic....at least not the way we think it is.

Anyways fascinating stuff if you ask me. :)Sure - hope you enjoy it.  The author of My Big TOE has lots of vids on YouTube and the author of Exploring the 5th dimension has been interviewed a lot also and many of these are also on YouTube.  

I find this great because while I find this topic fascinating, I haven't finished either of the books I've suggested.  haha Well one of them is a trilogy but I haven't even finished the first one.  The vids are a great supplement and really help stimulate my brain.Ill try my best, and at this point is purely speculation because to my knowledge this technology doesn't exist yet and if it does no way I would be told about it. So a little more in depth what we call resonance is us measuring something that appears to be in 2 places at once, due to insanely fast movement we are not able to measure yet. What adds to the holographic theory is these inconsistencies for example when we more or less "take a picture" through these scientific methods (mass spectroscopy, IR spectroscopy, NMR), we perform these by measuring the energy level at a specific point. But say for example that in a compound that exhibits resonance shielding ( an electron that when measured appears to be surrounding the compound at all times) we measure at point A and point B and it appears to be at both at the same time. We say how is this possible? Our instrumentation and understanding of what an electron is just simply isn't there yet to try to quantify it, but it appears to be everywhere at once just because how unbelievably fast it is compared to something we are trying to measure it with. 

Getting to the point, anything moving that fast as an electron has to release the energy somehow (law of enthalpy), so these insanely fast vibrations are most likely emitting a very small sound (this is my belief and speculation), if someone is able to replicate/ understand the exact sound it is hypothesized that one would be able to more or less translate this into what the brain was thinking and potentially a specific memory. 

On using light to stimulate parts of the brain, this is another really cool idea, that either the government is hiding the knowledge to the commoners or are simply experimenting on it themselves. The way a memory works to my knowledge is a combination of all the chemicals released into the body as well as our brains interpretation of the senses. When we think of a memory, we remember how we felt (what endorphins have been released), what we saw (how our brain interprets the light reflecting off objects through our eyes), and all of the other senses. It is possible that by more or less shooting specific lights in our eyes we could believe we saw something that we may or may not of. I have a hard time believing that we wouldn't be able to distinguish this from reality although due to all the other senses that our body receives input in. If we were in a tranquilized state it could be possible to have us believe we dreamed this or something along those lines, kind of like the movie inception. If you can make someone else think they saw something than you can tell them what to do.

On to finally the holographic universe, I checked out that page but don't currently have the time to sift through all of it, here is my view on the holographic universe. I don't 100% believe in it although I love thinking about the theory and the what if? My understanding is that everything that is in the universe can be replicated or more or less projected to us by a stimulation of our senses similar to us in the matrix. My understanding on the major reasons behind this theory is they are able to understand the origins of life (starting from nothing) and expanding through a series of very complex physics equations. For this to work they know the theoretical math numbers and that this certain thing referred to as dark matter must exist but we are not able to see it. I believe soon we will fully know what it is, science just hasn't caught up to the theory yet. It's only been a couple hundred years since we've known how to measure things using the speed of light and sound constants and potentially there is something out there better and maybe faster than light to measure. So this thing we are not able to see or measure referred to as dark matter is there and is hypothesized to be about 60% of the universes weight (energy) and that it is in a different dimension. So more or less I believe we are just waiting on being able to measure this thing that doesn't respond to light (our current best method) to be able to fully grasp all that is in the universe. 

PS Im just waking up so sorry if these thoughts are a little cluttered, feel free to message back if you want to discuss further.Thanks for the link. 

I'd definitely say make that post. I won't rule Schmidt out as a candidate, but either way, this is a dimension that we need to be looking at.Having money doesn't open a portal to another dimensionPerhaps it has to do with this: "This minus or gap is not simply nothing, it is a minus that materially affects the structure with which it appears. It is a non-being with serious consequences.

"In this sense, the fact that there is the unconscious — together with the fact that the unconscious is not simply subjective but has an objective dimension to it, related to the structure of speech/language — tells us something about this structure itself. The very existence of subjective distortions tells us something “objective” about the structure involved in them. It tells us that this objective structure is ridden by a minus, asymmetry, contradiction. It is not simply neutral or indifferent. This is also an important epistemological point. There is an objective side to subjective distortions."

Ahh the Grand Conspiracy. It's a time-space lucid dream that we slowly ascend out of into the 5th dimension - where this time-space continuum was birthed. We are all the same singularity experiencing itself within a certain set of "laws". We grow into ever-expanding maturity and responsibility of the dream until we exit/merge with it completely and reside where Truth does - Beyond time-space. 

We be Eternal brothers and sisters :')But there is an actual planck length.  That is what **quantum** physics is all about, on small scales the universe really is quantized.  This is a natural consequence of quantum uncertainty and the probabilistic nature of elementary particles.  
  
The planck length is calculated through constants in the universe such as the speed of light.  I think light and other constants like the cosmological constant also point to the quantization of the universe.  
  
I don't think he's referring to entaglement of particles in the sense of entangled pairs in the Bell experiment.  He means that there is some sort of dimension that exists independent of spacetime that allows instantaneous information transfer throughout the universe.Who says they travel faster than the speed of light? 
They could be teleporting or coming from another dimension. They could even be coming from another body in our solar system for all we know.Have also done plenty of dimension exploring and met plenty of entities and I’m still pretty sure it’s all in your mind.First, let's look at the definition of conspiracy:

&gt; S secret plan by a group to do something unlawful or harmful.

&gt; So, no conspiracy here, you just wanted to make it so. That's clickbait. It doesn't belong here. The deep state isn't involved. Period. End of discussion.

If you read the rest you will see why this is conspiracy-oriented. They are basically asking for people to come forward that feel like they had a spiritual encounter with alternative-dimension beings while using an a substance illegal in the US. No one is saying that is the case. I am leaving it open for discussion and there is a lot of quality information and conversation in this post. is there a reason you think it should all be censored?

&gt; Now we are taking about the reptile world leader conspiracy, with nothing to substantiate that claim. This post is LITERALLY crazy. You lied, you manipulated, and you threw out wild baseless assumptions.

What did I like about exactly? i was very forthcoming immediately in the submission statement. I can't help it that you assume so much based on so little information.

&gt; If you like conspiracy theories so much, how about you spend time on the ones that matter? Not scientists wanting to find isolate consistencies in a very interesting drug. This is literally anti science bullshit.

Real ones, like what? This was great conversation and even opens dialogues to things about drug reform and legalization. Yes, the real conspiracy is why is LSD, shrooms and marijuana still illegal in the US? Having a discussion regarding this topic is so threatening to you that you feel the need to call it anti-science? Did you read my other responses when another user tried accusing me of the same BS?4th dimension is time, 5th dimension is vibrational where our higher self resides.This is frightening but not unbelievable. We are powerful entities....each of us and most have forgotten abilities such as this. I hope for our sake this perception was for a close dimension to ours, but not ours. I have a feeling that we would still be affected however.  The part that sucks is that there is no way to fight them?  Really?!  For the past 4-5 years I have had a deep urge to go country and leave all of this behind.  Maybe connected, maybe not. Lucid dreaming was a big one which led me to realize how powerful consciousness is. When you are in full lucid you are basically in another dimension where your conscious is god.I can't find it any more, but one writer covering the phenomenon said that a very largely overlooked part of the puzzle was that John Klein may have had a psychotic break or suffered from some sort of mental illness.  This DOES NOT debunk anything about the story.  The events are true and coincided with the prophecies.  It does open the debate of whether those with mental illness are more open to parallel or spiritual beings that can see our world in another dimension or to perceive time as non-linear.There's nothing in the dimension we live in to support that claim. He's being aggressive because he's scared. He's scared because even someone as stupid as him can understand when the walls are closing in. Regular, calm Trump is already a handful for a lawyer because he's a pathological liar and doesn't like being told what to do. Scared, panicked Trump is the worst client imaginable. Wow, this is wild... I hadn't heard of this guy. This is what DMT users are trying to tell the world as well, that there are invisible terrestrial entities, hidden in another dimension, running the show on this planet. Exciting times we live in. Just have to get the information out to wake people up.Well....I noticed a lot of people will come here too with almost the purpose of discrediting conspiracy theorist by bringing up ridiculous theories. Almost as a distraction. Here is a good example-I got one months ago on the debate of sandy hook. They posted " I too believe that sandy hook was Infact a set up and I think the 3rd dimension into what I consider the center of the earth may have a link with the case." They purposely do that shit to discredit realistic conspiracies and to make us seem more far fetched with our theories than they are. I thought he ascended into the next dimension on Dec. 21st 2012... What's he still doing around jere?So guns evolved via nature in your dimension?

I'm glad we can communicate with people who live in other world's that aren't like this one.You have an easier time believing that an alien spacecraft flew halfway across the universe, or possibly from another dimension, and crashed into a mountain in Antarctica?I truly appreciate it. I'm always happy if my presence here has made a difference. I have also valued your words and posts throughout the years.  I'm sure that wherever you go, you will be of great help, since you have those most important things - the spark of compassion for other beings, as well as the awareness of the spiritual dimension. Both of which go hand in hand.

You are also a great writer, so I wanted to encourage you to start a blog, but I read in another post you already have one. I assume it's private so I won't bother you with the address unless you want to post it. 

Best wishes again :)Time in our dimension is linear, but other dimensions probably not."Computer generated images" using multiple photographs are photographs. Data visualizations aren't photographs, but they add a dimension that you normally can't see as a snapshot. What do you define as a "real" photograph? One where light hits some kind of physical or digital receptor, which is then converted into a medium that your eye can see when light bounces off of it, in turn? 

In that case, yes, these are both photographs of Antarctica. One was created with many small photographs stitched together. The other is just flat-out a photograph of the world, a single photo, that includes Antarctica towards the bottom. It's in the link I sent you. 

Please don't assume we're friends. I'm in no way interested. Good luck in getting your magic space photo that doesn't use light, lenses, or computers. Hi. You are correct. Outside of the limitations of this "physical dimension" the skill set changes significantly. I have actually gotten Matrix Agents to punch themselves and each other by using concentrated mental focus. If that does not work I recommend Telekinesis which very **Real** in the Astral Dimension, and is an incredible tool for self defense." I saw a lot of black box conspiracies but yeah, a black box is just going to make an outgoing call to a random guy."

Regarding this, there's theories about the plane entering a "time rift" or different dimension.

Imagine the plane vanished in 2014 then re-entered 2018 with little to no time changed to the people on the planet. Maybe the sender wasn't aware of the 4 years difference and sent it to that number, thinking it was someone else.

It's not unusual for phone companies to recycle old phone numbers after about a month or so a phone is deactivated... 

So he could be a "random guy" that got a phone number of someone that was "important".

Now also imagine YOU randomly got the voicemail, bring it online for answers and everyone asking "what makes you the chosen one?" and you're like "I DON'T KNOW, THAT'S WHY I POSTED IT TO FIND OUT"4D is shit. It's just space plus time (if time can be considered a dimension). It's what everybody does on daily basis.

What we are talking here is multiple timelines, quantum politics, interdimensional shapeshifting, mind-control memes, water memory.

Earth knows.From - UFOs and the National Security State: Chronology of a Coverup, 1941-1973 - by Richard M. Dolan



"He was going up against an organization that was into much more than he could dream of. The horrific experiments conducted by the army and CIA at Edgewood Arsenal and McGill University, unchecked by any responsible authority, only got worse. By 1959, LSD was a sideshow compared with another chemical: quinunclidinyl benzilate, or BZ. Incredibly, this drug possessed effects far more profound than LSD and which lasted for three days, although effects lasting as long as six days occurred at times. Between 1959 and 1975, an estimated 2,800 U.S. soldiers were given BZ at Edgewood Arsenal. About this time, Jose Delgado invented a device he called the stimoceiver. This was a miniature depth electrode able to receive and transmit electronic signals over FM radio waves. By stimulating a correctly positioned stimoceiver, an outside operator could wield a surprising degree of control over the subject responses. Writing of such developments in a book about UFOs is no mere exercise in paranoia. Such tools of mind control, developed and used by the American national security state, show what these official branches of the American government were capable of. We must assume that inventions such as Delgado's were not merely drawing room experiments done for reasons of pure science. Inventions such as these had to be field tested. Against whom? Probably, as we have seen elsewhere, against hapless prisoners, minorities, and unsuspecting patriotic soldiers. It is maddening but true that the full dimension of this history will never be revealed. We shall never know whether an important or prominent person really died from an ordinary heart attack at just the wrong time. We can never know if someone lost their mind because of the inscrutable workings of their brain chemistry, or because the CIA made them lose it. Because America's official culture pretends that such realities do not exist, even stating these as possibilities places one into the crackpot paranoia category of public discourse. But the fact is that from the 1950s onward, and with increasing effectiveness with each passing year, America's national security groups developed effective, and wholly secret, means of disabling individuals as well as large groups."



https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/José_Manuel_Rodriguez_Delgado


"Using the stimoceiver, Rodríguez Delgado found that he could not only elicit emotions, but he could also elicit specific physical reactions. These specific physical reactions, such as the movement of a limb or the clenching of a fist, were achieved when Rodríguez Delgado stimulated the motor cortex. A human whose implants were stimulated to produce a reaction were unable to resist the reaction and so one patient said **“I guess, doctor, that your electricity is stronger than my will”.** Some consider one of Rodríguez Delgado's most promising finds is that of an area called the septum within the limbic region. This area, when stimulated by Rodríguez Delgado, produced feelings of strong euphoria. These euphoric feelings were sometimes strong enough to overcome physical pain and depression."I find it funny how you dont consider yourself an artist, and then you say that humans aren't creative.

You then say that we can't think up what aliens could look like, yet we have a plethora of different examples of alien life in artwork. HR Geiger, star wars, star trek, independence day, district 9, hitchhikers guide to the galaxy, HG wells, lovecraft, even marvel and dc. Each alien race depicted in these works is vastly different than the next. I would aruge that aliens in artwork is a clear example of how **vast** and expansive our creativity actually is. 

Look i know you have never experienced this and its probably hard for you to relate, but this artistic connection with something *other* than  our world does happen. Go read some Lovecraft and then tell me how that dude had a limited creative mind and wasnt tapped into some dark dimension Or entitys from another dimension, what ever floats your belief system. &gt;I'm not even really saying that. Dreams can potentially have things in them. Could be a link to another dimension/reality even. I don't know. I'm open to all possibilities

I am too. :) I actually have a subreddit about shared dreams. I came across a poster on reddit who talked about a giant mall he went to in his dreams about a year ago. I have had those dreams for years, so I looked into it. Found a thread on GLP that goes way back, it described several common locations we all dream of quite regularly. I'll link you the thread and my sub if you're interested. 34 dimension URL_REPLACEDSomething similar happened to me. I had a dream about an elevator to different dimensions. When I woke up I told my ex-girlfriend about my dream, when I started typing "ele..." Google suggested me "elevator dimension" that creeped me out.
Another day I was smoking weed with my friends and we mentioned Calle 13 (a latin singer) my friend's phone (Android) searched for him without even saying "Ok, Google" we were like wtf.
Also I'm a big fan of Game Of Thrones, when I'm scrolling through Instagram I usually find ads for apps with Game Of Thrones topics.There's a battle going on between light and dark forces. 

The good guys are winning. "Soon" the truth will be revealed about the Khazarian Cabal in the mainstream media. It's the same people behind JFK assassination, 9/11, etc. They will answer for their crimes against humanity. Positive extraterrestrial races are helping us clean up our mess, and preventing nuclear war. There are potentially millions of ships in our solar system assisting in our transition. 

Also, the Earth is a living being. Gaia is transmuting from the 3rd dimension into the 5th dimension. "The Event" will be a wave of love sent from Mother/Father God, from the Galactic Central Sun, and will be felt by every person on Earth. 

It's very interesting how the collective conscious creates our reality, independent of events in time. Philip K. Dick wrote a short story and then had the same exact thing happen to him in real life years later--then wrote an essay about it. We can manifest our reality through intent, whether passive or active. Someone writing about a leader on Mars being named Elon primes time to create a leader named Elon. The X-Files episode on a plane being flown into the twin towers, combined with the unconscious expectancies of a terrorist attack happening in the future after the bombings, primed all of reality to anticipate and expect a large-scale terrorist attack on the twin towers, which manifested itself in time. 

McKenna had some interesting ideas about time, how it's not linear like we perceive, but events sort of cross over and reconnect and create events in time, like a line doodle swooping and intersecting and tangent-ing across a page. An event in 1970 can influence an event in 2000, and an event in 2000 can influence an event in 1970. It exists on a dimension we don't perceive, because we only perceive reality washing over us, rather than seeing the "big picture" of reality we live in. 

This story probably inadvertently created the possibility for Elon Musk to become all hype about colonizing Mars, and lead the way. If this all sounds hyperbolic and crazy to you, that's fine. But time and events in it aren't as simple as we'd like to believe.

There is also the element of the potential for the human unconscious to "unconsciously" delve into, and perceive the future, as Phillip K. Dick talked about in his essay on his short story manifesting reality. Like we can dip into time and learn about events in the past, or the future, regardless of whether we were there. Like when events in fiction become reality, and not just vice-versa. Organic psychedelics also have the ability to allow us to examine time outside of human events, as Paul Stamets talks about with his vision of seeing "a field of dead cows" and then a month later being at a flood where there were hundreds of dead cows.

So, I don't think it's a "time-traveling" conspiracy or anything, or Elon's a robot, or a Martian, or blah blah blah--it's way more likely (as wild as it may sounds) that reality and time are much, much weirder than we know. I've literally told my closest friends that I don't know how or why but at some point we entered another dimension.  We do not yet have a publicly acknowledged theory that fully equates our "time-sense" to some "fourth dimension" which we can access.

But we have a huge amount of science that skirts very close to it.

There are many problems that have to do with the "access" problem. In a standard Sci-Fi film we would just throw in a "Time Portal". But as far as you and I know, that's a fiction.

Let's drive past the problem of not having a Time Portal and concentrate on what we would need in order to use a Time Portal safely and effectively, and what such a device would actually do.

In the movies there would be a big display with a Year and a Location. That would show you where the Time Portal is going to send you. The Date and Time serve as an index. They themselves are essentially artificially imposed abstractions. To see that, just consider why all creatures and most humans throughout history have never needed either a map or a clock to live full lives - it's just a convenience we have invented in the last few millennium. And I am quite sure God or the Universe does not need to keep a Calendar on His/Its desk.

So in order to use the Time Portal, we need to apply this arbitrary index that tells us where/when we want to go, or else we could go who knows where and when. I will call that a Time-Space Index (TSI).

So here's where things get interesting. Note we are not talking about the method to get a human to travel (or just view) a different place and time, but rather the TSI which could plausibly point to any given destination. Days, Years, Lats and Longs are UNKNOWN to atomic quanta.

If we could crack the problem of creating a valid TSI, then the technology of the Time Portal or the Time Viewer would probably be in reach, assuming we understand black holes and can create a technology that includes a "managed black hole". At this point, we would start talking about neutrinos and similar phenomena, which appear to be able to "fold space-time".

Back to the TSI. Formulating a TSI would be the equivalent of triangulation in land surveying. If you know some points in a given field, you can find the rest. So this is where understanding a whole range of time-based sciences, from Geology and Paleontology to Ecology and Astronomy, and throw in a healthy dose of History and Genealogy and Archaeology (assuming you want to visit the past of the human species). Using such scientific "databases" we could possibly calculate the necessary TSIs to program the Portal to travel there.

But there's a catch. The Multiverse. If we accept that we live in a universe which includes an infinite number of sub-universes, all overlapping each other (which is a subject treated by other posters to this discussion) then the TSI has to also define which of many possible universes to pick for a given "historical" or "future" TSI.

tldr; we're working on it...



Once I had a really crazy lucid dream where the world was ending and we looked outside the window, after looking outside the window we noticed the moon was HUGE as in covering the whole sky huge. 

I remember we couldn’t go outside of the house. I went outside anyway and the moon was pulling everyone who went outside into outer space. It was trippy. 

After it pulled us all we all went to a different dimension. Such a weird dream lol. I should make a movie script out of it. LARP means "live\-action role\-playing" like when you pretend to exist in some alternate dimension. When he's writing it, he's referrering to people who live in an alternate world where Donald Trump is actually a secret genius Christian warrior who is secretly taking down the Democrats they all hate. According to them, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama have already been charged, or are on the run, or are secretly at Guantanamo Bay, or are being executed this weekend ... just a series of totally fake claims.

They do this whole dance because it's easier for them to see Trump as some mythical figure taking down the people they hate than admitting that he's a con man who conned them and everyone else who believed the stuff he was spewing.I agree. That's why I like to stay open to new and old ideas and just be a good person and learn important shit. I'm hoping we're light beings or something that will pass on to another dimension or world or something. I do entertain the idea that our body and soul are separate and that our soul goes somewhere after we die. Change is everything.

How does a light ray get from the Sun to our eye? Time.

How does an oscillation go from A to B and back to A again? Time.

How do you know if you're still alive and breathing? Time.

What is the ultimate factor in Schrodinger's Cat experiment? Time.

When you have an oscillation and you move it relative to something else, say a virtual void behind it, or even the cosmic microwave background, that oscillation in motion becomes what we call a wave. Now there are two factors of time at play, one for the oscillation and one for the relative motion. Another dimension arises, as the one dimensional particle or oscillation is now a wave consisting of two factors of time, and two dimensions. This two dimensional wave can interact with other two dimensional waves, as shown with electromagnetism (the 3D light you referred to), which is a three-dimensional phenomena. In this stage, since there are two waves and each wave has two factors of time, this electromagnetic wave has four factors of time, but as the waves synchronize into one "object" this eliminates one factor of time, and so we are left with three factors of time and three dimensions.

While Einstein was correct in his assumptions about relativity and time, what he didn't realize was that time governs all dimensions, it is not just icing on a 3D cake for making sense of gravity. It is a real dimension, and it is present in all spatial dimensions.

Just my theory anyway...That what we do for humans, they are reptoids from the 5th dimension, and when there old body's give out they replace them with younger ones...that's what Michael Jackson did he just absorbed Bruno Mars...NoFap day 84: Lost 19 pounds of unwanted fat without special dieting - just not reaching out for food quite like I did - there is some sort of connection between masturbation and compulsive behaviour: I no longer see females as sex-objects - they appear exactly like men but with slightly different shape - I am ONLY interested in their character - I never knew I viewed women as sex-objects: Fapping off &amp; contraceptive 'sex' are actually exactly the same thing - 'mutual-masturbation - contraceptive sex is never sex at all - it's the complete opposite of sex - it's 'anti-sex' - I never knew that before but now it's plainly obvious - it seems bizarre and unreal that men &amp; women chase each other around for... 'mutual-masturbation' - seems a bit of an anti-climax somehow but not without a streak of humour - this is all quite contrary to the 'fairytale romance' thing I was brought up to believe in: Less anxiety-depression - there is some sort of link with fap: I am more in control of life - life is less in control of me: Sex is taking on another dimension - billions of condoms, billions of Intra-Uterine divices, billions of dutch caps and spermicide creams, billions of unwanted pregnancies, billions of abortions, billions of unplanned babies - none of it because of reproduction, on the contrary all because of contraception - all because of mutual-masturbation - compulsive behaviour that is... out of control?Yeah it motivated me to go do some ish i needed to when i read it haha. So true, kinda unfortunate but I guess everything is earned. Would be nice to live out a life in a dimension where you can be perpetually satisfied, and not reduced to meaninglessness but hey. I'll take what I can get for now. Seriously, why do we ever let these guys build potentially dimension shattering particle accelerators. Seriously, don't rip a hole in it.

I for one am conCERNed. 

More transparency needed for CERN. Oh that it were true.  The moon... really... I dont put it out of the realm of possibility that its not a naturally formed object.  That it may have been put there.  The point of all of this, correct me if you feel, is to complete the life/death cycle until you remember your purpose and then carry out that purpose.  from that moment you find it to be much like the sleep/wathecycle except now you realize a further dimension and density of self.  ...then proceed  humbly serving the Infinite Creator. The souls that are drawn here from other Dims/Dens usually just dive in and die here and the cycle for them begins.  Let me say... this is a path that rarely leads to the so called ET souls staying in this octave and Logos.  It may surprise you how capable this Octave of Creation is. Its not a place any entity can just drop into.  That is why the veil of forgetting between deaths is so useful.  you are not programmed by some thing out of your control. That is just functionally not how it works in my experience.  You are still you and you cant run away from it.  

may the light guide you and the darkness give you rest.  That statement doesn't really have any value, though. (I mean no offense by this.) 

Questioning is how you change your viewpoint on literally everything. 

An atheist that becomes a Christian got there by questioning. A Christian that became a Muslim got there by questioning. 

I don't refute that it would bring things into question, but it certainly doesn't destroy the narrative. There are theists that don't rule out that we as a species were "created" by mortal extraterrestrials, for example.

Suspend your disbelief for a moment, *If a god, some extradimensional being- a creator of our dimension, could manifest himself in a physical form on some rock and speak to the intelligent life on that rock with their language* do you think such a being could not also do this on other rocks? (and if these beings dont have this origin story) Couldn't a being with a mind play favorites?

That's not an argument for religion, or for deities. I'm just making the example that people's beliefs are pliable and even if theyre brought into question holes can be (and honestly always have been) patched.SS: Consciousness is not limited to this body, these senses, this material plain. We are merely experiencing the limits of this physical reality, one of many others

&gt;PARANORMAL entities that we cannot even comprehend exist in other dimensions that our CONSCIOUSNESS can connect with, an astronomer and mathematician claims. Queen Mary University of London professor of mathematics and astronomy Bernard Carr believes that there are unfathomable dimensions that are linked to our consciousness.

&gt;Albert Einsteiin theorised that there are four-dimensions, although many physicists believe that there could be as many as 11, although we can only perceive three.

&gt;However, Professor Carr believes that there is one more dimension that our consciousness interacts with.

&gt;He adds that of the dimensions he envisages, there is a hierarchical structure – and we are at the bottom.&gt;I have placed the news of this in /r/conspiracy because it involves the USA acting against China as it acts Iran, Syria, Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan and against most countries, arbitrarily and capriciously as law-maker and law-enforcer in a situation where there is no dimension of law-interpreter or law-adjudicator. One must imagine a society where there are no courts - only laws and police - a playground for conspirators.

&gt;Companies like ZTE are largely owned by the Chinese Government but run privately.

Well i dont think this is a strike against china if it was trump would shut down all of the companies

I think it was punishment for breaking us saction laws. \&gt;unfathomable dimensions 

NO.

 Totally fathomable.

yet, illusory when the word 'dimension' is used without reference to mathematics and the geometric necessity of form arising even in holographic simplicity.

Not dimension, but part of the cosmic super\-structure in form, which dictates function. 

Those dimensions are degree of vibration, hidden in material over\-lay and learned to be associated as 'parts' of a whole, and not a whole reduced to parts hidden in primal\-appearance. Parallel universes would be like ours, so the same third dimension. Other dimensions would incorporate our third dimension, but we probably can’t perceive it, just as a one-dimensional being wouldn’t be able to perceive our world. In the mystics? I have been consciously travelling into the Astral Dimension for years. i know **Exactly** what I am talking about.&gt; I would argue that we can't confirm nor deny that the intelligences are from another planet, from another reality, from another dimension, from our future, from our past, or some manifested archetype of the Jungian collective subconscious.

This is generally the perspective of the ET dynamic from the msm.  Digging deeper into sources that are generally shunned by the controlled lamestream, however, one finds accounts from people like Dr. John Mack and Marine Captain Randy Cramer - to name just two of *many* different sources.  Their accounts simply cannot be easily discounted by any intelligent individual who isn’t willfully ignorant.

&gt; definitely my absolutely favourite thing to think about, read about, talk about, and dream about.

Right there with you on it.

&gt; the whole abduction thing could be the result of bio-synthetic autonomous battlefield medical units from a previous civilization malfunctioning and abducting/rescuing people only to realize that they have the wrong DNA. Now that's an angle I haven't seen before

While I wouldn’t say that something like this is impossible, I’m not aware of any evidence that points in this direction.  There is, however, a lot of evidence pointing to the overall idea that ETs are indeed here on this planet and have been here for longer than we ourselves have.All the nooks and crannies near bathrooms and fresh water are becoming de facto campgrounds. Look just over the perimeter fence of any large urban park, around boat launch ramps, certain freeway exits....the problem is acquiring a new dimension of lots of mini homeless camps all over the place. This will only make it harder to rectify.How possible is it that aliens started life here on earth as "lets see what happens" project. 


Aliens much more advanced then our humans at their present state, would not have created so much pain and nonsense for a lets see what happens project. Unless a school child in another dimension we can not see and they certainly can not see us, create the Universe or Universes in a test tube like gas bubbles for fun.

We are simple tool makers. We just started to blow each other up with nuclear weapons. Our world leaders from east to west, are puppets of our monetary system, busy filling their own pockets, destroying, controlling and robbing small countries rogue nations with the excuse of terrorism, fear, while shaking their religious books and nuclear sticks at each other. We just started to send cargo to a very close Earth orbit and think that we are space fairing. Our drawings from the caves has just moved to canvasses we hang on our walls we are proud of.

We do not have a cure for simple flu and many other thousands of diseases like Plague, Ebola, Heart diseases, diabetes, Cancer yet. We are popping anti inflammatory medications like Ibuprofens with horrific side effects all the time. (it effected reduced my cartilage in my joints.) We recently started selling each-other snake oil type very expensive medications and treatments that can treat some diseases but certainly doesn't cure most. Our Doctors study nutrition only about 6–10 hours total. They have no incentive to discuss diet and nutrition with patients. Low insurance reimbursement rates discourage in-depth discussions anyway. Instead, they are forced to see three patients for an average of 20 minutes an hour.

At a cost of great deforestation, 46% global warming and using about 400 liters of water we produce a pound of burger patty. We are neurotic about leaky taps but spend about 1000 liters of water to produce 1 liter cows milk. We domesticate and “humanely” kill and eat other non human animals for their taste while ignoring that it is causing us many terrible diseases like diabetes, hearth disease obesity etc. We hate animal cruelty we have RSPCA or SPCA we love some animals as pets still eat them. Genetically we are cousins with the weed in our gardens (50% similarity) We are so very proud of our masonry that we turned it into a religion Free Masonry but we ignore and step on the simple spider that can build very sophisticated structures with practically what is coming out of its back side without any bragging. We destroy bees with our chemicals or for competition, steal their honey without hesitation.

When I was younger and more ignorant than I am now, I did not have enough knowledge and did not know much about Darwin. I was healthy and blissfully ignorant reading lots of science fiction. Thinking that space was made of fart in a giant, camel like creatures intestines about to be pooped out. There was no Internet and search engines. I watched TV and believed the dumbing propaganda and all the product advertising and placement, believed it all! When somebody said, they are the chosen ones and they have a soul and the best, soul they will go to heaven and live forever. When they said they were promised a certain piece of land on the planet by the God, whom was acting just like an estate agent, I respected their beliefs. I watched the Exorcist and shivered.

I thought they maybe right and I did not have a proof otherwise. Religion offered eternal life to death fearing humans it also gave them somebody like Devil to blame for their wrong doings and God to pray to for their health and wealth or blame for their misfortunes. I did not think religion was a tax heaven business that promised heaven and was being used for political and financial gain. I didn't know that Emperor Constantine declaring Jesus as the new God for the Byzantium empire at around 325 was a good political move. The masses were given a sense of superiority by religion against other inferior belief systems and making it legal and easier to eliminate them to have slaves paid or unpaid. We call them salary earners and workers these days.

Without question sacrifice becoming wholesale. The free demolition of building seven and the billions of dollars insurance claims received people are getting sacrificed by the millions. Shit hole countries and people who believe in an inferior, lesser God. They call it the war on terror and paid killers control drones from air conditioned offices to satisfy their egos, their banker bosses interests, their spirituality intact they collect their salaries and get to be called heroes.

More than 800,000 people die from cardiovascular disease each year in The United States alone. (This must be why government do not want to provide people free health insurance too expensive.) But they reduce the tax millionaires and billionaires suppose to pay to encourage the poor people to eat less and healthy.

It is now 2 minutes to midnight. I don't think they will wait for an asteroid like Apophis to do it for them April 13 2029. They are almost there. Most of them are so brain washed with the idea of an apocalypse they can not wait for it and want to induce it. Thanks to Abrahamic teachings. like they invented the cesarean section easy come easy go without the gut bacteria from the mommy's birth canal. sacrifice the immune system!

Does this species look like they are designed by a superior being an alien to you? 

Maybe they were trying to destroy Earth, so they genetically altered us to self destruct and do it for them.

Do you think we try and communicate with or try to genetically improve Mosquitos? Yes we do. We genetically modify them to control their populations.Don't see why you are being downvoted. In the context of esoteric teachings, that is what an evocation is.

Of course the majority of people do not believe that there is more than the dimensions we are aware and/or especially those we cannot measure with our current physical instruments (thus making it objective scientific observation), but have instead been talked about and corroborated by hundreds of thousands if not millions of students of the mystical arts (especially in the east where the mystical teachings have been best preserved) and observed via expanding their awareness. If such dimensions/planes exist then beings that exist within them would potentially have non-corporeal forms and if humans could contact them, they could to various degrees influence this plane/dimension. All of this also means that no being is strictly limited to one dimension, the only limitation is one's contracted awareness. The implication is also that of a holographic Universe, molded by thought, awareness and intention.

Just wanted to provide some short context for anyone curious. But yes, evocation definitely means what you have noted.I have a feeling there will be no “5 dimension” rapture and could you please be more specific than “raise vibration” David Wilcock is peddling the same fear porn.It's just one facet of it.  There are more than likely crafts that are originating from other planetary systems, but most, I'd be willing to bet, are coming from our oceans and from within or around our planet/a dimension existing parallel to ours. ss.   i believe the spiritual process is just to create the right kind of chemistry, where you are naturally peaceful, naturally joyous. When you are joyous by your very own nature, when you don't have to do anything to be happy, then the very dimension of your life, the very way you perceive and express yourself in the world will change. The very way you experience your life will change.

    When you are seeking happiness through your action, you are always enslaved to the external situation. As long as you are enslaved to the external situation, you will always be in some level of suffering because the outside situation is never going to be hundred percent in your control.

    There is something else which needs to be looked at beyond the dimension of the body and mind. If that dimension is not experienced, once you have come in the human form, if you do not experience yourself beyond the limitations of this body and mind, I would say this human form has been wasted upon you. Because to eat, sleep, reproduce and die one day, you don't need this kind of a body, you don't need this kind of intelligence.Hi. You were declared "clinically dead", but the **Silver Cord** still remained. It actually pulled you back into the body and this dimension.By "simulation" I don't mean as in a computer-based simulation, but that reality (as we know it) effectively acts as a consciousness-based simulation due to it not being the only one. Let's say that this reality that we're currently experiencing exists at a particular "base frequency", or that things based in this reality generally act within a particular range of frequencies, so that they are able to definitively interact with other things based in these frequencies. But the thing with frequency is that it's a continuum. There is no end to the rate of frequencies on either end.  
So, let's take for example the differences between rocks, water/air, and gamma radiation. The atoms that make up rocks vibrate at a relatively slow rate. It's what keeps the atoms in a fault uniform structure (depending on the rock) and stops the rock from melting at room temperature or running away by itself. The atoms that make up the cells of our skin have different vibrations. Generally they're faster, to allow for greater energy transfer between the atoms, and thus also between the cells. There's a relative fluidity to the skin, from the rocks perspective. At least with all those cells that carry out duties, die, then get replaced by other cells so quickly. But this higher frequency interaction, over the span of the entire skin organ, comes to form a pretty decent interference pattern which, from our human perspective, seems pretty solid. With air and water, their atoms again act at higher frequencies than both the atoms that make up the skin, and those of the rock. Between these three we can see that the immediate effect of the interactions between the rock and water or air are minimal. At least when you're taking the same amount of each and comparing them with each other, each as a whole, immediately. But if you look at their effects on each other on an atomic scale, or as whole but over an extended period of time, then you can see the fire extents of their effects on one another. Then we can look at gamma rays. Gamma rays are extremely high frequency electromagnetic radiation. We humans simply don't have the biological equipment to pick up gamma rays. Gamma rays normally go straight through us with no problem. We have no biological way to register them, despite the high frequency response of the atoms that make up our cells, because when the cells come together and form systems and organs the result is that the organs and systems that the cells and atoms comprise operate on/within a different set of frequencies to those that the individual cells/atoms do. The only way we even know that gamma rays exist is through technology. Since we don't have the biological equipment to register them we needed to create a new piece of equipment that could pick up on them.  
So we can see that at the high end of things there exists phenomena which operate at frequencies that are too high for us to register in any natural way, yet still occupy the same space. That's an example of multiple realities existing on top of one another, yet due to their different "base frequencies" they don't directly interact with one another and generally will just do their own thing. Due to the fact that one reality has no immediate effect on the other, then from the perspective of one of the realities, it would be like the other is effectively a simulation. Doesn't make it any less real, as it totally is real within its own right. But from either one perspective the other just doesn't necessarily matter as it has no "real" effect on their respective "reality".  
In regards to your questions there, when we die we go to another reality. A higher dimension. The "you" who you were in this life doesn't cease to exist, as there's the data to prove that that respective existence existed through time and space. You could trace your path from death back to birth with the right equipment. But the "you" that exists now isn't just the you that you were in that life. You "remember" that you are the culmination of all the different lives you've lived *on top of* the most recent life you've lived. It's sorta like coming out of a video game and remembering that that video game you wasn't the real you, but just one expression, and that you are the culmination of all the video game characters and games you've ever played *as well as* all the stuff that was going on between playing video games. Aliens exist. They originate from the Astral Dimension and have the ability to physically cross back and forth. We are inside a **Simulated Universe**. The Aliens inside of this **Matrix** are **brutally Predatory**. They have **Already Enslaved Humanity**. These Parasites are **Harvesting Humans For Energy Consumption**. All humans are **Forced To Reincarnate Over And Over**. By getting their **Memories Erased** the human prey has never been able to widely spread the truth of this horrendous enslavement.I asked Siri about aliens and she said there are many in her dimension. Couldn’t get the same answer again.We are the aliens playing another round of The Game of Life: Earth Edition where we all jump into various 3rd-dimensional consciousness suits and play with our egos for awhile before transcending them and returning(ascending) back into the 5th dimension where We (as One) create yet another game and another set of rules/laws to play within. 

God/The Universe is just playing with Itself. And yeah that includes you. The universe uses "you" as an Avatar to play "itself"imagine a cube made of clay in your hands.  you can mutate it. change its shape.  imagine time is just a physical dimension like the 3 dimensions of the clay cube.  it's mutable too.  so time is mutable in a "back to the future" kinda model.  david anderson goes into this a bit, too.  Well transistors require three or more layers so if you want to triangulate or coordinate in more than one dimension you're going to need more materials.I´d say we´re in unseen territory here, science fiction territory, not even generally systemically dysfunctional (read: lawless) countries behave like this (e.g. mass school shootings are still largely unheard of in Mexico, Central America, etc..–not even Boko Haram massacres the victims of the high schools it terrorizes). In the U.S., the states have generally all but literally abandoned their child citizens at the sacrificial altar of the Second Amendment. These are pyres of underage dead in whose preparation is complicit a political culture in thrall to the gods of a capitalist economy, the internal economic and ideological face of which is the domestic assault weapons industry. This is a form of jihad, of domestic terrorism, whose army is the coalesced force of an evident epidemic of adolescent mental illness in the U.S.

Yes, the catalyst/standard was set by Columbine, to be sure, but I would also submit that it was set by 9/11 as well. For that is when, in my impression, a metaphysical Schrödinger’s cat/uncertainty principle-like ontology (in the colloquial or popular sense of the terms) took hold of the imagination of significant sectors and cultures within the U.S. In short, what has done more to destroy a belief in a commonly humanly shared notion of reality was not the left, through its ¨deconstructivist¨ jargon, et., but rather the phenomenal/symbolic repercussions and effects of the surrealistic and ¨unrealistic¨ reality of the 9/11 events per se.

One possible effect of a vitiated/debilitated phenomenological/ontological experience of reality following the aforesaid terrorist events in New York might even be a more generalized sense, especially among youth (where this psychology is already inherent and latent), that since reality is ¨not really real,¨ because they are already living in a post 9/11 Matrix as it were, then the deaths they might be insanely tempted to cause are somehow not really real either. These attackers would then be beyond flat earthers in their denial of modern axioms of what constitutes reality. Phenomenologically and ontologically (via the continuing facilitation of life lived largely in the alternate dimensions of online space) they may come to intuitively view offline reality as a patchwork of idiosyncratic, essentially unbridgable dimensions between potentially other existent individuals, thus there is not one reality to them, but rather each individual exists in their ontological dimension, and thus the Other´s existence is already a priori in doubt, and so by extension the value of the Other´s life as well, because it is intrinsically less real than the in itself potentially unreal reality of the perpetrators themselves, per the strange physical/cosmological laws of the ontology they have come to psychology and socially (Orwellianly and Borgesianly) inhabit in late capitalist-stage American society.

Indeed, and in short, perhaps, for the above speculated reasons, the subliminal temptation for the mass murder of their companions and contemporaries lies, perversely and in a phenomenon which was ironically quite inversely lived by Dostoevsky, in an affinity with so-called the Schrodinger’s cat phenomenon (alternatingly and almost literally exemplifying the mystical paradoxical assertion of being alternatively within the span of microseconds dead in life/living in death, with the very foundations of quotidian, lived reality itself being somehow inexorably, necessarily and materially, not just metaphysically, undermined once the implications of such a phenomenon are sufficiently understood).

Dostoevsky´s description of his Schrodingerian reprieve, of his unspairing experience of Death-in-Life and Life-in-Death in the span of a seconds: ´”As to life in a prison, of course there may be two opinions,” said the prince. “I once heard the story of a man who lived twelve years in a prison–I heard it from the man himself. He was one of the persons under treatment with my professor; he had fits, and attacks of melancholy, then he would weep, and once he tried to commit suicide. His life in prison was sad enough; his only acquaintances were spiders and a tree that grew outside his grating…There was a very strange feature in this case, strange because of its extremely rare occurrence. This man had once been brought to the scaffold in company with several others, and had had the sentence of death by shooting passed upon him for some political crime. Twenty minutes later he had been reprieved and some other punishment substituted; but the interval between the two sentences, twenty minutes, or at least a quarter of an hour, had been passed in the certainty that within a few minutes he must die. I was very anxious to hear him speak of his impressions during that dreadful time, and I several times inquired of him as to what he thought and felt. He remembered everything with the most accurate and extraordinary distinctness, and declared that he would never forget a single iota of the experience.

“About twenty paces from the scaffold, where he had stood to hear the sentence, were three posts, fixed in the ground, to which to fasten the criminals (of whom there were several). The first three criminals were taken to the posts, dressed in long white tunics, with white caps drawn over their faces, so that they could not see the rifles pointed at them. Then a group of soldiers took their stand opposite to each post. My friend was the eighth on the list, and therefore he would have been among the third lot to go up. A priest went about among them with a cross: and there was about five minutes of time left for him to live.

“He said that those five minutes seemed to him to be a most interminable period, an enormous wealth of time; he seemed to be living, in these minutes, so many lives that there was no need as yet to think of that last moment, so that he made several arrangements, dividing up the time into portions–one for saying farewell to his companions, two minutes for that; then a couple more for thinking over his own life and career and all about himself; and another minute for a last look around. He remembered having divided his time like this quite well. While saying good- bye to his friends he recollected asking one of them some very usual everyday question, and being much interested in the answer. Then having bade farewell, he embarked upon those two minutes which he had allotted to looking into himself; he knew beforehand what he was going to think about. He wished to put it to himself as quickly and clearly as possible, that here was he, a living, thinking man, and that in three minutes he would be nobody; or if somebody or something, then what and where? He thought he would decide this question once for all in these last three minutes. A little way off there stood a church, and its gilded spire glittered in the sun. He remembered staring stubbornly at this spire, and at the rays of light sparkling from it. He could not tear his eyes from these rays of light; he got the idea that these rays were his new nature, and that in three minutes he would become one of them, amalgamated somehow with them.

“The repugnance to what must ensue almost immediately, and the uncertainty, were dreadful, he said; but worst of all was the idea, ‘What should I do if I were not to die now? What if I were to return to life again? What an eternity of days, and all mine! How I should grudge and count up every minute of it, so as to waste not a single instant!’ He said that this thought weighed so upon him and became such a terrible burden upon his brain that he could not bear it, and wished they would shoot him quickly and have done with it.”´* (The Idiot, Dostoevsky)

Is this the intuitively ¨Schrödingerian¨ experience being pursued by not a few of the recent mass school shooters in America, the liminal/violent psychedelic mysticism of Death-In-Life acutely accompanied and even seemingly coupled or blurred with Life-In-Death, from which the untimely and all too fleeting, but nevertheless uniquely obtainable realization of the real and actual conditions of and dynamics in one´s tormented existence are, even if perhaps also inevitably maddeningly and dehumanizingly, finally and ultimately manifested and revealed?

*Cf. Scorsese´s film ¨Shutter Island.¨The third eye opens to the cosmic energy dimension during sleep and highly skilled meditation. Also certain drugs open force open the third eye. The third eye is so difficult to open because it would make functioning in the physical realm nearly impossible if it open easily.Sure. I have a twin sister. I'll tell you The twin psychic bond is real. It's a thing. It's not 100&amp;#37; psychic bond or anything but I swear that on many occasions I knew she was in danger and full on saved her life. Like pulling her out of the way of a speeding vehicle when she foolishly ran out into the road. When we were little kids she was climbing a tree and fell with her foot stuck so she was dangling upside down. I was far away in the house and had a total spidey sense moment. I knew she was in danger and had to find her. I ran from the basement to her room on the 3rd floor but she wasn't there. I looked out the window and saw her almost a football fields distance away flailing around upside down. I got my mom and we ran to help her. By the time we got their she passed out/feinted. I climbed the tree and got her foot unstuck and my mom caught her as best she could. She woke up not long after and cried for an hour. After that I knew the world was way more mysterious than most people knew and honestly that my sister was kind of dumb/reckless/ I'd always have to look out for her... 

Which eventually leads to the ouija board incidents that blew my mind wide open. Back in the 90's alot of girls and some dudes in my hometown went through a witchcraft phase. Most of it was innocent kid shit. Some of them were bad asses who would wear all black with black make up, dye their hair black. It was a fad. They were going around putting hexes and curses on each other. Playing ouija board all the time. Everywhere. At school, at birthday parties... then people thought it was cool to play in the graveyard... My Grandmother (Nana as I call her) still lives close to the graveyard, she's now 97 with pretty much with all her wits about her, she's this super nice wise old lady who used to read tea leaves for people. She was always open to the paranormal and spirituality due to her own life experiences, read the bible and all kinds of books. She still prays for everyone one she knows every night before bed. She's a total gem. Not really superstitious at all. She used to tell me and only a select few people that their was only three things she feared/hated/warned people about: Going to church every sunday/Religions in general (she'd go for weddings and funerals).  Aliens/evil spirits/demons. And ouija boards. Those three things she would only speak of rarely and always in whispers and never to anyone but close friends and family. I was staying over at my Nanas one weekend and a whole bunch of neighborhood teens decided to throw a party of sorts in the graveyard. Naturally being a teen and something of a "party goer" I went with my cousin to check it out. I didn't think it was cool or a good idea and really I found it totally stupid and misguided.

 I always thought of the graveyard as mine and my families turf cause my Nana and much of my Moms side of the family lives closest to it and we'd always play around and explore it and all around it. We found about 10\-15 teens all drinking and playing ouija in the dark with flashlights and lights from peoples vehicles. We found and grabbed my twin sister and told them all they were idiots and should not be fucking around like that in a cemetery and left. Some of them had been my friends, most of them shunned me after that. Called me a chicken and shit. So we made my sister go home and I went to my Nanas to go to bed. I go upstairs climb into bed and all of a sudden I hear my Nana screaming bloody murder "get away from them! Get away from here! AAAAA!" Like blood curdling terrified screaming. I thought somebody was hurting her. I run to her room and find her asleep but thrashing, evidently having a nightmare. I shook her awake. She was in  a state of panic. Startled. It took me a few minutes to calm her down. She told me she had the most God awful nightmare she'd ever had, that evil demonic creatures were after her grandchildren and the kids in town. She wouldn't even describe it any more than that to me she was so scared. She asked me where my sister was and I told her I had found her out and about and that I sent her home. She was really relieved when I told her. I didn't tell her about my sis and the others playing ouija in the cemetery till the next day when I kinda put two and two together. My Nana is known for talking in her sleep but no one had ever heard her scream or have such a horrible night terror. If you ask me those idiots opened up a portal to some hell dimension or something cause things started getting fucking weird all over town after that. My Nana started having Nightmares for a quite a long time after that. All the teens in town around my age at the time (13\-16 ) started getting heavy into drinking booze and doing drugs. Small towns can be like that but things were excessive and getting out of hand. All sorts of lunacy. Suicides, teenage girls started cutting themselves, teens getting their stomachs pumped after overdosing and/or alcohol poisoning. I don't know if it's all connected to that night but that's not even close to what fully convinced me that some scary shit was really going down in my hometown and likely the world at large. 

So i'm sitting at home in the evening and the spidey sense goes off. Twin sister is in trouble. I ask my mom where my sister is and she tells me she's at her friends house but the phone line was busy for hours and she couldn't get through to call there and tell her to come home... So I volunteer to ride my bike there to get her ass home. So my spidey sense is going off hard. Like I knew she was up to no good. I had goosebumps and adrenaline. It was a full moon that night. I'm racing past the Catholic Church and this black cat just starts screaming and hissing as I biked close by it. Could be a coincidence but I think it was a bad omen. So I get to her friends house and I find the front door wide open, Loud heavy metal music pouring out from the house. So instantly I know that the parents weren't home and that a party was being thrown. I walk through the door and I could feel an evil presence. Honest to God, like a dark foggy haze of malice. All the lights are off. No one on the ground floor. I go upstairs to find 3 teens passed out in the living room. I can see candle light coming from the kitchen so I walk in, instantly right when I walked in I see three candles who's flames shoot up three feet high and go back down. At this point I'm like WTF is going on over and over in my mind. I get goosebumps just typing this shit. So I look all around the top floor (it's a huge house) I find my sisters friend (who's house it was) puking in the bathroom. I ask her where my sister is and she tells me "fuck off loser" and continues to vom. So the last place to look is the basement. 5 teens in the common area, three of them passed out on couches and the floor. I ask my one decent friend if he knows where my sister is. He's out of his mind wasted. Eyes beat read he gives me this look like I pissed on his shoe. I'm all WTF. He's usually the nicest guy around. So I turn to the other guy hanging out (me and this guy did not get along, were not close friends)... out of nowhere he just drunkenly tries to tackle me with all his might. I saw it coming and easily side stepped him, he goes flying over a couch, smashes his head through some drywall while knocking over a lamp and breaking it. So I turn the music off and hear my sister snoring really loud in her friends bedroom (knew it was her instantly, she snores like a beast). I open the door and find her passed out drunk, snoring like a demon, one hand on a triangle playing ouija board. i'm freaked the fuck out. I walk closer to her and the triangle spells out "fuck you future\_madness get out". WTF. I run out of the room to get my friends attention, they had to see this, I wanted someone else to see so I knew I wasn't going bonkers. Every ones passed out. I run back in and the board again spells fuck you get out future\_madness. It starts doing figure of eights, racing from sun to moon, going through all the letters, even does a 666. It starts spelling ZOZO over and over again. Then MAMA over and over again. I start screaming praying to God and Jesus and my sisters eyes open up and they have this sickly green kind of glow, she's still snoring. So I'm all fuck this shit and tap the triangle with my foot and it flies at the wall like I punted it. I picked my sister up in fireman carry and carried her like that the whole way home. At one point she wakes up and asks me what was happening to her, I said "something bad and I'm taking you home." That night is permanently etched in my mind. After that my sister was possessed. Fits of rage. Suicide attempts. Drug and alcohol binges. She's sleep all day and party every night. Finally I had enough and decided to take action, not knowing what else to do I got a bunch of holy water from the church. I go to room where she is passed out, said some prayers, pleaded to God and the ascended masters to help my sister and poured the holy water on her. She shot up like something out of a horror movie. So I quickly hug her (pinning her arms so she can't scratch my eyes out) I tell her to quit partying, and start praying to god, kissed her on the cheek and threw her back on the  bed. Then I ran like hell.... After a week or so in bed she did a 180 and I had my sister back. 

And honestly thats just for starters. I scratched the surface. From here I'll keep it short and vague and expand on anything u might b curious about.

\-Prophetic visionary experiences on magic mushrooms are awesome magical and even useful. Mushrooms need to be respected and even revered. Same with ayahuasca.

\-Shadow entities/people are real

\-I worked for a German "Chrisitan" Cult, They are creepy assholes . After years of taking their shit I decided to fuck with them for being assholes. The boss their is a known tyrant Nazi/Communist SwampPig. Like a comic book villain. I feel it was my destiny to subvert and covertly undermine and demoralize them by subtly and overtly convincing as many to leave their bullshit cult as possible. it was a process that definitely drove me mad. 

\-After that I was seriously attacked by shadow entities 3 times. One of them was intelligent and communicated with me telepathically after attacking me and scaring the shit outta me. Never been so scared in my life. I was approached by men in black secret service agents type agents regarding the cult. They wanted to know what I knew about the cult but I didn't tell them anything cause they wouldn't tell me anything they knew.   


\-8 times since messing with the cult I've heard/interacted with a really strange voice. Its the voice of a kindof sultry professional sounding older lady. It always comes through electronics\- Usually the radio either in my apartment or car. It always says "Say Hello" So I say hello. Then it always follows up with "Say Yes". I usually say yes. Not long ago it warned me that the police would be questioning me about a picture I posted on facebook of me holding a gun. It came true. The voice never comes from inside my head. Always electronics. A friend of mine once heard it and it freaked him out so bad he barely talks to me anymore.  


\-Music is a powerful tool and even magical\- For Good and Evil. Peace. Let me know what you think or if you think I'm bat shit crazy town banana pants. 0\_oWell, they can make people believe they have the power to mentally summon alien light beings from another dimension...and pay massively for it, too!Other way around, go back through the CERN portal to the Hillary dimension *archons are simply 4th dimensional beings that live off of our negative energy (lower vibration) like parasites. *

I was pronouncing SIMPLY the most while reading this.


I don't think that, reptilian looking 4th dimensional beings, that somehow evolved to feed on low vibrations of beings of the 3rd dimension like parasites make much sense.

Putting simply in front of that description... dude wooosh.

How would something like this evolve? It doesn't make sense.

What joe_jaywalker said, with the added dimension of time.

It’s easy to fake anything once. If you have to do it repeatedly (say, an injury for a TV appearance) it’s harder because the risk of continuity errors increases exponentially.

If the injury is on an exposed area, like the face or hands, faking it long term would be almost impossible. Imagine having to apply a fake injury every time you went out. Eventually you’d forget, or get it wrong, or the latex would fall off and the fraud would be exposed for all to see.

Incidentally, I’ve *never found even one survivable wound to the hands or face from any of the dozens of mass media shooting events*. It’s extremely rare even to find such injuries to the lower legs or arms, which are also often exposed during warmer weather.

If we extend the scope of injured body parts to include covered skin — the kind of injury that is plausibly concealed most of the time anyway — then suddenly there are hundreds of examples to choose from.

Given how many rounds have allegedly been fired into people over the course of all these events, and with Vegas in particular, the alleged shooter firing over a thousand rounds DOWN onto the crowd, it seems incredibly unlikely that nobody would have received a serious but survivable facial injury.Whose to say they come from the future? To me it would make more sense for them to be a species of humanoids that existed on this planet thousands if not millions of years ago. They had developed tech and were able to escape from some cataclysm that periodically afflicts our planet. 

That could explain why they also seem to know about our planet's location in the universe. As to why they are here...could just be seeing how life evolved on the planet and studying it. 

That is just from a flesh and blood tangible perspective. What if they aren't from "light years away" traveling here? What if they are from literally, right next door to us at all times, another dimension. 

That's where the speculation gets really fun...Glad we’re basically on the same page.  However…

&gt;  we only have the opportunity here on Earth to exercise our free will.

…the idea that we have only “one” opportunity to do ANYTHING seems pretty incorrect.  We have multiple - possibly infinite - opportunities to do multiple, possibly infinite, things.  That’s the very nature of a holographic universe existing on an infinite, eternal basis.

&gt; This is according to the mystery traditions.

I’m basing a lot of what I’ve been saying on the mystery traditions as well - especially those of the East.

&gt; After life we do not have the same power to exercise our free will and it is important to realize that.

“After life”…There *IS* no “after life”.  There is no *after*.  Life is now.  Life is eternal.  Life continues.  It simply changes form.  There *is* no “after” in life.  As such, while we might have different powers depending on our level of awareness and evolution, depending on our level of evolution, many of us may and often do have far greater powers and abilities after this physical manifestation than while we’re here in the third dimension.

&gt; One of the main reasons the Christ came down to earth was to give us the ability to control our destinies as mankind had become very corrupt and was not heading towards a desirable future. 

“The Christ” is but one tiny grain of sand on an infinite beach of valid perspectives.  It’s a perspective that might be the equivalent of a freshman college student helping out some seventh graders - where we’re the seventh graders.  “The Christ” might be the college freshman, which means that while that perspective might be a bit of help on one level, no one should ever put too much weight on anything a freshman says.  It’s only a freshman talking.  Take from it what works, but realize there are truths *far* more evolved and advanced than it.

Additionally, it’s “humanity” - not “mankind”.  “Mankind” implies a male-dominated, male-centric perspective of the human species.  This is male chauvinistic even if one is not consciously thinking that way necessarily, and it excludes the female variant - the half of humanity that is no less important than the male, and in many ways might have a greater stake at preeminence since it gives birth, while males do not.

&gt; heinous acts have the power to prolong your after life in a hell dimension while you "pay for what you have done".

Heinous acts don’t just prolong one’s “after life” difficulties.  They prolong one’s *in life* difficulties as one reincarnates and has to account for the karmic repercussions of their acts.

&gt; Yes you will be reborn but you might be reborn in Africa and get hacked to death at 3 years old...you might have to be reborn as a fetus soon to be aborted, repeatedly until you have burnt off your karma.

Dying at 3 sound fucking awesome, to be honest.  That’s no “punishment”.

Having to live a long life in the United States dealing w/all the difficulties there can often be far, far worse than anything Africa can ever offer.

&gt; I am only hypothesizing here but my point is that it very much does matter what you do here on Earth.

Of course it matters - but my point is that it only matters on a *relative* basis.  Does it matter whether you stub your toe or not?  Hell yeah it matters.  It’ll hurt if you do stub it.  However, it’s not like you will live some sort of life in “eternal damnation!” If you stub your toe.

The point is that although actions matter, they only matter relatively.  It’s all about learning and evolving.  Existence, again, is holographic.  That means literally that everything is everything.  You and me and your dog and the cricket in the ground and the atom in the air.  All are part of the greater whole that everything is composed of.

So long as *anything* exists, everything does.

&gt; Your soul does not have as much free will as it does here on Earth.

Incorrect.  The Earth is nothing but a *tiny* speck in a cosmos of innumerable specks, all of which are simply aspects of The One Identity that separated Itself out into countless specks for the purpose of having different vantage points and perspectives from which to survey Itself.

&gt; This is a mystery tradition spiritual truth

The mystery traditions are nothing but a speck.

&gt; not even the angels or the archai or the archangels have as much free will as we have on earth. It sounds strange but its true.

According to one tiny speck it might be true.

There are a *lot* of other specks that are bigger and truer though.

&gt; Angels are under the authority of higher powers and do not choose to help or hinder, they only do what they are told.

“Angels” are simply ETs.  There are innumerable ETs in existence - some good, some not so good.&gt; Earth is the only chance our souls have to make changes and improve ourselves.

This couldn't be more patently false.  Perhaps we are stuck to a certain extent as of the moment in this realm and dimension, but existence itself is infinite and eternal.  The thought that any one "thing" is "the only chance we have" is absolutely, utterly false.  We have many, many, MANY chances - an infinite amount as a matter of fact.

There is no beginning.  There is no end.Hi. I am not exceptional at most things. But in the Lucid Dream state, I am an **Expert at Psychokinesis**. This is a very **real ability** in the Astral Dimension. It is so powerful, that it is actually banned from usage there. If you can Astral Project/Lucid Dream into the Astral Afterlife, try using it and see how quick the law enforcement come after you there. I have a book lying around somewhere which clearly talks in detail about **Secret Societies** that have sleeping people meet up in the Astral, for psychokinesis/telekinesis training. (You may have been participating in one of their sessions). I have moved so many objects in the astral, that it is shocking i cannot do it (yet) in our dimension. It may sound crazy to the average person, but deep within: **I know it can be done here**.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypercube

What is an *n* dimension?  It can be greater than 3?!?Alright, with your snarky ass comment about how I'm high or something I'm not inclined to tell you. But I will because you apparently gave me a genuine apology.

Basically a contact of mine attacked me in 2012 by giving me something close to mescaline or similar powerful hallucinogen without my knowledge. First, I felt like I had ascended to some lightbeam dimension where I could project my mind into other places and see them, but then it turned hellish eventually resulting in me walking to a gay bar and having an ambulance called for me. I was in the mental hospital 30 days afterwards.

They were planning to dose me with this drug for a long time.We can't say either way, it's unknown. In any case to simplify, if they break our rules and blip into another dimension, what if it's moving, say, the opposite direction. How does one keep a *known position* in that situation? I think man made UFO's had to have had a learning curve which cost lives. Example: Philidelphia Experiment, waking up in cold rolled steel ship decks?The most remarkable aspect about listening to music on psychedelics is the added sensitivity to the dimension of interconnectedness; the space between the notes, textures, and elements of a piece.

Listening to music sober is like looking at a painting in a museum. Definitely worthwhile, and all, but listening to music on drugs is like being immersed in a kind of musical URL_REPLACED where every note is alive and interacts with every other note in a complex structure of ordered chaos.Listen to the Shane Mauss podcast.  He has done DMT hundreds of times, and didn't really come up with any answers if that dimension is even real or its just all in your mind.  This is his best podcast but URL_REPLACEDSubmissive State

Article is titled "Unwinding the Madness – Is It Too Late?"

An article on waking up to the conspiracies surrounding us and how to transform yourself. I feel "conspiracy theorists" are represented as preppers to obfuscate our spiritual contingent. We're not all doom and gloom. As many have stated here before "Interesting times..."

&gt;As more and more people are increasingly realizing, humanity is under a full spectrum attack – fundamentally on its health and well being, as well as its very basic freedoms of thought and action. The vectors are myriad as millions scramble to recover their essential health and stability as well as prevent further damage. Scientism is the new god of this age, an unquestionable standard of seeming truth that can be totally relied – re-lied – upon. A very sad state of affairs, as the cycle of humanity abdicating its very own source-linked authority is not just denied, but willingly surrendered once again.

...

&gt;By the very nature of this relative-unto-itself mutant matrix, the plan is not supposed to be fully identified. They, or “the opposing program” we appear to face, seem to make concessions as to who and how many may wake up to what, but the continually morphing virus at this level of density or vibration is an animal all unto itself. It’s only power lay in our agreement to engage it on its own low dimension, an arena truly conscious divine humans will never gain a serious foothold in.

...

&gt;It’s a minefield to navigate, and truth manifests in many ways within almost anything, but this again points to the individual, discovering for itself what is truth and what is not. We share a collective conscious awareness underneath this, but again it’s based on each individual “soul node’s” degree of connectivity as far as bringing this greater awareness into being on our current planet at whatever collective level we arise to. Hence the profound power of the individual. We each influence and alter that entire morphogenic field.

&gt;This is the profound truth of where true activism is based, and why it’s been so suppressed, marginalized and denigrated. Please let that sink in. It is all about us individually, first and foremost.

...

&gt;My answer remains: it doesn’t matter. We each do what we can however we are led or “called”. That’s all that matters. That Lao Tzu was impressed to record his summary of realizations before he departed speaks volumes. That great masters, despite their seeming attainments, still felt compelled, from compassion for humanity, to share the liberating truths they felt they’d arrived at speaks volumes, so to speak. That those professing there is no explanation nor description for Truth, the Tao, God or Source still endeavored to do so, is in my mind and heart the expression of the soul – compassion in the face of profound ignorance and suffering, however those challenges were derived.
Dude you have no Idea how difficult this is to explain. Essentially from what I've seen the earth and EVERY physical object compounds upon itself through the of vibration. The waveform that inevitably condenses into physical matter starts as a single disturbance in the server. One vibration. One dimension
Then that waveform is itself set to vibrating. A wave within. And a second dimension. Each new waveform condensing into a subsequent dimension. Upon reaching around the 11th dimension is when shit gets triply. Realities present themselves as lobes and they press together in ways that are akin to left and right lobes of a brain. SS:

I had to share this with you guys. Someone else linked me to it and I seriously cannot get over this video. Everything about it. I am still getting goose bumps! There is no logic explanation for this. It appears they are above the clouds and clearly they are in the cockpit of a plane. I see no missile/satelite being launched or any other means of explanation. It is obviously not a drone. Not a search light. Certainly not swamp gas. What in the hell is this, it is literally out of this world (or dimension ;)

What do you guys think about this one? I even downloaded the video in case it gets removed because this is truly amazing. Fair enough. I am woefully ignorant of astrology. Prior to reading your link, the Fifth Dimension song was the extent of my knowledge  A part of you has been absorbed into the Internet dimension, remember the mind is actually located outside the brain, not within in. This true, the exogenous one, travels through space and time, is detectable subliminally to animal and humans alike, and may enter, indeed, even be absorbed by that hyper-attractive dimension that is the Internet.What he is alluding to is that one day VR and access to information will become indistinguishable from 'reality' - an alternative 'reality' where many people will be able to share ('connect to') and interact with at once in a world ('dimension') that is separate from our world. You will get to live in the 'internet' as opposed to simply observing it. You will get to use your virtual hands to manifest w/e it is you want to manifest as opposed to simply input stuff through a mouse and keyboard. some speculate that back in the 2000's, scientists were messing with cern. our dimension bumped into another one, think stranger things but instead of mindless beasts, it was a dimension almost parallel to our own. so instead of, "ma always said life was like a box of chocolates," it was, "ma always said life is like a box of chocolates." another one, is the tale of the wolf and the lamb in the bible. some will remember it as the lion and the lamb, i am one of them. 

in cs lewis' chronicles, he wrote upon the pools of worlds. this could be a metaphor for alternate dimension bubbles. it is possible.Yes, I see what you're saying. That is an insane amount of work. I also see now how my comment must have seemed very flippant, and very ignorant. Thank you for taking the time to explain!

Incidentally, I'm sure they didn't lay one block at a time in a long queue, but probably did a few at a time. I'd guess at least one on each side of the pyramid roughly simultaneously. I say that because it makes the timeline as stated much easier to swallow. The suggested 100,000 person workforce would surely be enough to be constantly bringing in new blocks and setting a few at a time, assuming reasonable organization efforts. 

I didn't want to make it sound like I was trivializing anything. In fact, I tend to think that people who suggest they would have needed some special kind of help (giants, aliens, unknown technologies, what have you) are guilty of this. It is a ton of effort to make something not only this big, but as you say, this terrifyingly precise, as well. People are capable of the most incredible things, given enough time. Your calculations are very welcome, they add a dimension to the conversation I obviously hadn't given enough consideration. But I don't feel like they really change that much, except the total time investment. I can't imagine putting down 2.5 tons of stone block every 2.6 minutes either. But, assuming they put one on each side at the same time, that's 2.5 tons of block every 10 minutes or so. Further, assuming it took them, say, 40 years instead of 20? That's still extremely impressive. The point is, I think it's reasonable to think it took them much longer than is often suggested to build them, than thinking they must have had incredible help, or access to mysteriously advanced technologies. His equations don't even work out. To the point where you have to add 96% dark matter and dark energy. You might as well believe in the virgin birth. All bs. Scientific goboligook. Einstein was a fraud. Not only that, but he had not a single original thought

Curved space was thought of by Bernhard Riemann. Adding a 4th dimension that of time to geometry to create "space-time", by Hermann Minkowski. The idea that objects contract in proportion to the speed that which that they move, by George Francis, FitzGerald. The notion that the velocity of light in a vacuum was constant regardless of the motion of any object connected with the light ray by Hendrik Lorentz. Was he the first to bring up the impossibility of measuring light through the ether, after the Michelson Morly experiment null results? No! That was actually Henri Poincare. Did he even come up with the name relativity? NO! that was Poincare. How about no velocity can exceed the speed of light? Nope! Poincare! How about that whole clock business? you know, the fact that if you go at the speed of light, you age slower than if you stood on earth? NOPE That was actually Sir Joseph Larmor. Was he the one who came up with matter crinkles curved space? sorry to say no. That was actually William Kingdon Clifford. okok.. what about E=MC2? nope. J. J. Thomson came up with E = 3/4 MC2 and then later on our buddy Poincare came up with E=MC2 when he spoke to mass density in relation to energy density. I can go on and on...lets not forget all the shit he stole from Oliver Heaviside. Dude was a piece of shit. A simple  propaganda tool.  A patent clerk with no math background. A tool alright. Milo has spoken about this, saying

&gt;You’re about to see a raft of news stories claiming that I am responsible for inspiring the deaths of journalists. The bodies are barely cold and left-wing journalists are already exploiting these deaths to score political points against me. It’s disgusting. I regret nothing I said, though of course like any normal person I am saddened to hear of needless death.

&gt;The truth, as always, is the opposite of what the media tells you. &gt;I sent a troll about “vigilante death squads” as a *private* response to a few hostile journalists who were asking me for comment, basically as a way of saying, “Fuck off.” They then published it. Amazed they were pretending to take my joke as a “threat,” I reposted these stories on Instagram to mock them — and to make it clear that I wasn’t being serious.

&gt;Headlines soon appeared claiming that I was “inciting” people to murder journalists. This is wholly false. The only people whipping up hysteria about killing reporters this week were Will Sommer at the Daily Beast and Davis Richardson at the New York Observer.

&gt;If there turns out to be any dimension to this crime related to my private, misreported remarks, the responsibility for that lies squarely and wholly with the Beast and the Observer for drumming up fake hysteria about a private joke, and with the verified liberals who pretended they thought I was serious.

&gt;It is a demonstrable fact that the Open Society Foundation and other wealthy left-wing organizations have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars (maybe it’s millions!) disrupting my talks, beating up my audiences and spreading malicious rumors about me. I wouldn’t be at all surprised if this shooter — just like the last one at YouTube — is another demented left-winger. Let’s hope it’s another transgender shooter, too, so the casualties are minimal.

&gt;The Left celebrated the shooting of Scalise and regularly incites violence against Trump supporters. They are secretly delighted by the domestic terrorism of Antifa and they cheer on Maxine Waters when she threatens consequences for Trump administration staff going about their business in public.

&gt;I made a private, offhand troll to two hostile reporters, who breathlessly publicized it and like vermin their fellow journalists swarmed to remind the world how much they hate Milo. If the Left was truly horrified by violence against journalists, they would have shown it in the aftermath of Charlie Hebdo. As you all know, they didn’t.

&gt;P.S. — You guys should decide whether you think I’m “disgraced, irrelevant and over” or “so dangerous I inspire mass shootings.” I can’t be both.

Taken from https://www.facebook.com/myiannopoulos/posts/1194490660688827I conflated two anagrams.  UTH (ultra-terrestrial hypothesis), which is the hypothesis that UAPs/UFOs are terrestrial (from earth) from an advanced race of humans/humanoids that are either sub-terranian, sub-marine, both, or from the future.  IDH (inter-dimensional hypothesis), which is the hypothesis that UAPs/UFOs are from different layers of this dimension parallel to ours.  Basically that they are always here but we can't see or interact with them because of the limited capacity of our brains to pierce the veil between the two.  

In either case, the idea is that UAPs/UFOs are not interstellar or intergalactic.  These also meshes with the idea that our solar system is quite populated.It's up in the air air sure to me it seems like there is no way to know for sure at our current dimension. It could be demons\evil aliens but what if it is isnt. Personally I think I owe it to myself to try and experience the unexplainable. If you live with your head in the sand that's where you'll stay  Where did you get the idea of the aliens tricked us into reincarnation? I have seen this theory around a lot and it definitely makes me interested. I hear people say avoid the light but in my dmt fueled dimension journey going through the light takes you someplace weird but for sure different. I welcome skepticism. I haven't tripped in a decade plus but I'll give you a rundown of my experiences. I fully admit that some drugs are for a fun time. 

MJ: Experiences are commonly drummed up. The most intense thing you can experience is paranoia.

Mushrooms: I used to trip a lot on shrooms. Tbh probably way more than anyone should. With mushrooms atmosphere is important. You don't want to take them if you are in a bad place mentally. In the same breath if you go looking for a spiritual experience you may find it or convince yourself of it. 

Mushrooms are mostly a mental trip/perception trip rather than visual. More than anything time plays games with you ex. a minute can seem like hours. Physical sensations are also different. Swimming or taking a shower is well very different lol

imo every time you trip on mushrooms it is like flipping the breaker box of your mind. It changes your personality. I wouldn't say in a bad way but things like your sense of humor change a little bit each time you trip.

To really get the full blown mushroom experience you need to push yourself to the limit. My most intense experience was with a 14 grams of very potent mushrooms. Really... no one should do that. To even consider doing that you should be very familiar with tripping(a normal dosage of average mushrooms is 1.75-3.5 grams of average mushrooms). Everything was so different but familiar. There was an overwhelming feeling of never coming down. You get that sometimes with mushrooms but it was more "this is my life now" than "never coming down". Basically a general acceptance that from now on things might be different for good.


Salvia/Peyote/DMT etc: This stuff is more than just tripping. It takes you to another dimension/universe. A user can expect every type of hallucination imaginable. Honestly, I think these drugs really do take someone somewhere else or let you experience things that are hidden to everyone else. I only tried salvia. Partly because there are some places you don't want to go. 

Hopefully my ramblings help you understand this stuff a bit more.Vice is dumb af.. Coming from a millennial liberal that is supposed to be the target audience of vice.. I eye roll into another dimension whenever my roomates put this trash on. They used to be ok but it's just Disney/leftist brainwashing these days. On a literal level I think flat earth is quite ludicrous, but on a metaphysical level who knows, maybe the earth appears round only in our dimension, perceived from our mode of consciousness.They must be bored then or their bodies are failing &amp; they're approaching death. Otherwise, why would anyone that is truly happy &amp; fulfilled on Earth want to "escape" to an "unknown" dimension?Why would a king of the rats want to escape being a rat?  If this is the 3rd dimension and some science like string theory suggest there could be 10 or 11 dimensions, well lets just say nobody thinks this world is on top in the scheme of things.   The ancient Egyptians were obsessed with death and the afterlife (and the Mystery Babylon religion the elites practice is basically the same religion).  
  
Personally, I think they are just being played by the lower entities they worship.  No doubt that's who gave them the "wisdom" to build it.  Sorta like why the Arc of Baal is popping up in tons of cities.Yeah but dumbasses claimed you could fly at speed of light and beat time.  As of now there is nothing feasible more than speed of light mathematically.  So more than speed of light is basically going into quantum theory and bending time.  4th dimension bc nothing is more than speed of light so they develop quantum theoryWhich dimension were you in when you wrote this?
Nvm, but have fun up in there while you brainstorm... 1) The vast majority of people don't even know what the "Podesta emails" are.

2) The only time that the media mentions these emails, is in the context of "DNC was hacked by Russians, election tampering etc etc", at which point most people assume that there was nothing more to it than supposedly some voting machines probably being hacked and something something Russia Collusion™

3) The moment you mention "Pizzagate" and/or anything sacrificial, 99.9% of people automatically tune you about because the person most affiliated with that entire movement/theory is Alex Jones who has destroyed everything he touches.  e.g. what can be a solid factual investigation about real things happening in the real world, he instantly turns into some 5th dimension psychic vampire child molesters at which point anyone who isn't completely insane, laughs at him, assumes that 100% of what he says is bullshit and moves on.

3.1 If someone is paying him behind the scenes to discredit any and all conspiracies, they're definitely getting their money's worth.

TL;DR 99% of people don't know and/or are misinformed on the subject and insane people like Alex Jones destroy any hint of credibility the movement/theory has.Sorry, then you must live in an alternate dimension. 

Serious question, why are you lying? Or do you not understand the very simple concept that the majority of reddit users see a "front page". Not the page that you specifically see after you decide what you want on it. Most people who come to this site do not see that.

Most see the generic "front page".What do you think motivates them for such a reality? To save animals because they love animals so much? To save the planet before they die? Making more money? Buying hot girls? Buying fancy toys? Buying drugs? What would make them want that type of reality? Immortality in their own bodies or AI? Or travel to another planet or another dimension? What? WTF makes them tick? It can't be too much different than what makes you or I tick right?

I mean a world full of only elites &amp; AI can't be that much fun if they can't have any power &amp; control over each other on an equal &amp; level playing field right?It's a mindset. Not about our physical vessles but about our sould that we put into these internets. If your whole world is on the these portals (cellphone, tablet, laptop) then your world is flat. Presented in a 2 dimension space(your screen) yet you are able to plop in any part of the world with *clicks*

Where you from? Im Genghis Kahn hoe.i didnt get the vibe that these were crafts flying.  I feel like these were manifestations of energy (for lack of a better word) either from another dimension or from a device on the groundThey live in another reality, perhaps the lower 4th dimension or some part of a higher dimension. They cannot physically access us at all times, they must use their hybrid blood lines that rule the world to manipulate our reality. They feed off our negative energy/vibrations. 

Once we die, our souls are harvested back into the cycle and it is put on repeat. Memories wiped, just feeding the Archons and ultimately the Demiurge god who falsely rules over all. They use some kind of strange frequency technology to lock us into, which is broadcast from Saturn using its artificial rings, then boosted by the Moon which acts as a cell tower. The moon was brought here, causing massive destruction. It is a false satellite, 3 miles thick of dust and then an impenetrable shell. 

They use the Greys as Watchers who help spy and organize chaos around the world. 

Who knows if we can ever get free of this prison, physical body and soul. Well that would also account for typical description of the “alien”. Anything that closely similar to us (2 arm, 2 legs, similar amount of joints in each, hands, feet’s and a single head with 2 eye, nose and single mouth). Is from this planet (or an Earth from another dimension closely related to ours).

The dimension where they investigate suspected crimes? Should we only investigate crimes we have on camera?In the very least there is a subpen. Im thinking its the place featured in Bioshock. Kinda like the Tomorrowland dimension, but underwater.I have "felt" that other dimension and "other beings" in my experiences with DMT. Hillary spoke at a New York fundraiser September 9th, 2016, calling Trump supporters, "racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic.

Iterations of the campaign messaging have been used since. Resulting in trending use of the term on social media.

&gt; URL_REPLACED.

---

Hillary spoke at the DNC summer meeting August 28th, 2015, stating Trump would round up illegal aliens and put them in boxcars in order to take them across the corner.

URL_REPLACED

&gt; "Hitler expert says comparing Donald Trump to Hitler isn't as far-fetched as it sounds"

URL_REPLACED No wait. They're subtly also saying maybe there's some similarities afterall.

The result was trending use of the bite-sized "Nazi" label across social media.

---

I'm happy to vote for a Democrat candidate today but they must run a clean campaign. No more dirty politics. Looking for a populist candidate. I'm done with elitism.

Sanders was populist and drew that support.

With him removed from the table, comparatively Trump was populist hence his win.

Beyond the populist vs elitist dimension, there is the authoritarian vs libertarian dimension. The elitists have been huge for authoritarian control over everything, I want nothing to do with it.

If the Democrats can put forward a populist non-authoritarian, I'm in.

Everything we see from the Florida lawsuit detailing how the 2016 DNC primary was tilted to the pre-selected candidate suggests that the DNC will currently allow nothing but an elitist authoritarian receive the nomination.

As long as that holds true, I'm out.I mean thats something we dont have any kind of grasp on yet, an afterlife...another dimension..etc. There are scientists that proved humans lose 8 oz when they die, consistently and it could never be explained. You hear of all kinds of religious people utilizing psychedelics to communicate with "other beings" and travel outside our plane of existence.

There could easily be some truth to what you are saying. Maybe there is some process that does in fact carry you into another dimension or further on in living once your physical body dies.

For all we know the death of our physical body releases our soul and we go off into who knows where and live a completely different life that we cannot even comprehend now.god didn't do a good job if his own people aren't able to locate him. He's not in space, he's not inside us, he's not in this dimension. Why the fuck would I care about some invisible untraceable and very likely not real entity?

I care about jesus yeshua as much as I care about zeus.I had an experience similar to the life flashing before ones eyes that so many experience from an NDE. It would be impossible to know for sure, but I truly believe I lived through an entire past life during a DMT experience. I was born, grew up, had a family; the whole deal. My last moment before coming back; I was lying in a bed surrounded by my family before I took my last breath, closed my eyes, and then opened MY eyes and was back in my own time....dimension or whatever. 

When you first "break through" it feels like you're in a sort of dark wormhole moving towards something in the distance. Before you know it, you are face to face with a never-ending veil or curtain. For me it has always appeared more like a fabric of infinite colors constantly moving and changing. But its really just energy like light, and when you combine the spectrum of light you get white. Maybe the mode taken to arrive at this "veil" determines how much of it one can perceive. So whereas I'm actually separating myself from my material self and able to see the "other side" in full detail, someone on the brink of death is still fighting to remain in their physical form and limited by its perceptions.

Just my 2 cents on why I think this type of knowledge is extremely important and yet severely undervalued in our society. We are so afraid of death and yet it is the one experience that we all get to share. Out of the fear of death billions cling to religions that have kept humanity stagnant for millenia. We have multiple plants on earth that can let us explore this "heavenly" realm that the devout seek. And yet those followers will persecute any who use "god given plants" to try to experience "god" in the same way the ancients did. 

For me, the war on drugs is probably the biggest conspiracy of them all. You see governments all over taking advantage of the lucrative black market drug trade with opium, coca, and the ever expanding list of synthetics. There are pharma companies constantly trying to create and improve uppers and downers. The elite are constantly glorified for abusing them. Hollywood and the music industry constantly glorifies them. But just like with the medical establishment, you cant be allowed things that could make you healthy, independent people. Why cure a lifelong patient? Why give someone a mushroom or dmt treatment to help them feel whole and content, when you can sell them meth or heroin for every day of their lives? Why bring down our preconceptions and misjudgments and hatred when you can create and us vs them mentality so there are always splintered factions of humanity to rule over? I would love to try DMT, but I can admit I have a fear of alienating anyone or anything within a higher dimension, I am pretty bad at handling myself within the dimension I am currently in atm, but if the opportunity ever arised to do DMT, I would in a second. Another good tangent to this subject is the nova documentary "hunting the hidden dimension" which explains how fractal geometry exists in all systems, and their scientific application.Ever since 9/11 I’ve had this feeling of shocking disbelief. 

The world has been surreal since then. I don’t have a firm opinion on any politician from any country or party other than distrust of anything they say or write. The last five or so years have been even weirder. 

It doesn’t matter which side of the party line your feet are firmly planted upon, you have to admit, Donald Trump as president of the US has to have many people feeling like they’re in a bizarro dimension. I don’t lean left or right. Like most, I thought it was a media stunt. At worst, something to guarantee the opposition’s victory. I dislike Hillary at a guttural level, but I never expected this outcome. Things as weird as that keep happening almost on a daily basis. 

The weird stuff with the Saudis recently, the amount of “groups” driving a wedge between virtually every facet of most people’s lives, antifa, BLM, us nazis, the quadrillion genders, the sexual accusations, media bias, the rich and famous falling, “kids” put on the frontlines of political wars, censorship, crypto currencies, fucking pentagon all but admitting aliens are real, satanic panic, new age and religious propaganda, and on and on and on. 

It feels fucking surreal. It feels like things keep building up day by day. It’s a subconscious tension that is omnipresent. We don’t know leading to what, but we all feel it. The world is getting weirder, people much too sensitive, shit’s going down. I grow nervous an almost imperceptible every day. 

The general public is influenced by all that weird shit. I see it every day at work, with friends, out and about just paying attention to what people discuss. They adopt the terms, they believe the lies, they choose a side.

I am not hopeful for the future, friends. not stupid at all buddy. an open mind is far from a weakness.

i heard an extremely interesting explanation for the mechanics of time and in a way it relates to this thread. the illusion of time is a result of consciousness stepping down from one dimension to the next. starting at the 9th dimension each distortion of the unified one allows for a greater manifestation of a physical illusion in space/time. very hard for me to wrap my head around what the ethereal realms would be like but hey this density isn't meant for having all the answers. You guys live in a dimension of your own dont you? Never heard of this one before, sounds pretty interesting from its Wikipedia article though. 

"In this experiment, Allende claimed the destroyer escort USS Eldridge (DE-173) was rendered invisible, teleported to New York, teleported to another dimension where it encountered aliens, and teleported through time, resulting in the death of several sailors, some of whom were fused with the ship's hull."I'm not buying a lot of what you're saying here.  I thought it was pretty much accepted that changes in spin states of entangled pairs happened instantaneously. It's just that there is no way to communicate this between observers at superluminal speeds.  I don't think that precludes the idea of entangled protons being possible.    
  
A wormhole could transmit matter or information, the only difference being that information would likely be easier to transmit. I don't think he is referring to a standard hypothetical wormhole here, more that in the "zero-point" dimension(s) that underlie holographic spacetime, all particles can be connected because there is no "spacetime" to separate them.  
  
To me it seems that the pilot wave theory must be at odds with wave-particle duality, because what happens to the pilot wave when the wave function collapses?  I thought that was the whole point of the double-slit experiment, observation collapses the wave function.  
  
There are currently satellites using EMDrive propulsion, so how can it be instrument error? The EMDrive is already producing thrust, that's why they are using it.  
  
Not trying to be argumentative, you seem to know what you are talking about, mostly just looking for clarification on your points and to learn more as I love this subject.I've seen this type of logic before, though later our a bit differently. It makes sense. My only hesitation is that there aren't any sentient 2d or 4d beings (that I know of) so it's a difficult theory to test. 

I also don't think a 4d being would necessarily seem godlike to a 3d being like ourselves. The notion of a creature experiencing a 4th dimension (usually time rather than an additional spacial dimension) always makes me think of the Tralfamadorians from Slaughterhouse Five. While totally alien and far more knowledgeable than humans, I wouldn't go so far as to deem them godlike. We experience 4D, but exist in 3D. We also wouldn't be able to perceive a 4D being (Look at the stuff about papers and flip books). A 4D being would be 4D, but experience a 5th dimension of some kindURL_REPLACED was pretty widely accepted by most people, fyi.They are. Yes all fake. It is a hoax that keeps on giving. Ever notice how the footprints get better constantly. Blazers went from using plywood cutouts to leather making "dermal ridges. They study primate feet to make them closer to what we would expect. Some even add scars to immigrate wounds a bare footed creature would maybe get.

See every year tens of thousands of biology students around the continent scour the woods and collect samples if even the most mundane things. 

We know how far salmon protein makes it into the woods. We know the ratio of male to female pumas and every year almost new species are found. Recently a new frog was found here. 

Even without a body or bones or scat we would notice the impact on the food chain of a viable population of 100#+ creatures. 

That is of course unless we add some super natural elements like the eat energy or souls or come from the fourth dimension or some rubbish. Like this guy did. 

Reality can be boring or it could be wildly interesting. Depending upon your demand on it. 

Either way Bigfoot is fantasy. 

I loved the notion... when I was 12.Thanks for the insight, I didn't know that it wasn't established conclusively.

Afterlife could be a misleading term to use, too, as there is no reason to think it's not the same "realm", for lack of a better word, that we came from in the first place. I'm also not sure if it's a universal place, a parallel dimension to this one, a subjective psychological space, or something else entirely, but it's curious that the experiences of Near Death survivors tend to be very concrete and very similar. It's also curious that the realms we enter when on specific psychotropic drugs tend to be very similar across individuals, and I suspect there's a link between these phenomena which we don't really understand at all yet.Time isn’t linear , learned that on shrooms once.  Hard to imagine , how can things like story , music , movies , damn near anything , exist without the linearity of time?  Also slaughter house 5 made me think of that .  I hear the 4th dimension time isn’t like here whatever the fuck that means Nah.

The grooming gangs have been revealed in the dozens and the police/politicians involved in covering it up are still untouched. Bush and ilk had their lies shown for what they were, but a million or so dead later and the man who by all rights should be swinging from a lamppost is portrayed as America's "Uncle George". Blatant decisions that solely benefit the richest of the rich are done each and every week, with little more than squeaks of discontent from the plebs.

And this is just the "everyday out-in-the-open" conspiracies. If an establishment as comparatively powerless as ours is this unbothered by the common man, I can't imagine how we'd fair against the nightmare masters variously discussed around her: ageless pedophilic satan lineages, alternate history future people with space/time/dimension-tech, the jew-o-cracy that controls every historical/scientific/cultural narrative globally, etc. etc.Oh cool, so it has nothing to do with ghosts right? But that kind of sounded like sleep paralysis too. Could you harness it for instance the4th dimension?It requires a second layer, or dimension, of healthy skepticism to gracefully navigate through the misinformation efforts. Those incapable of this should cease participation. Your input is welcome but the landscape has definitely changed. The goal now is to reduce the white noise and to listen/read carefully. We need to reduce the amount of feedback so that the misinformation can be contrasted against the regular noise of information. It starts to stand out like as if it is a luquid motion that flows slightly against the grain of what otherwise would be the path of least resistance. We need it to stand out more clearly, and as much as possible.
No kidding!  They want  the veterans  here to leave so the newbies that come around can be led by the nose easier. 

This is a perfect example:

&gt;It requires a second layer, or dimension, of healthy skepticism to gracefully navigate through the misinformation efforts. Those incapable of this should cease participation. 

Translation: 
If you're not willing to see things the way the mainstream does,  head on out.  The sub is in good hands now,  thanks to the new people willing to apply some "healthy skepticism" to this place. 

HaHa!  I've seen the phrase "healthy skepticism" used this way before.  Red flags go up for me when things like this are said in a particular way,  especially when those words come from a year-old-plus account that has only commented in this sub ONCE BEFORE despite their age... 

You're welcome..Agree wholeheartedly it's a dimension we need to be looking.

I don't necessarily have to list the actual candidates...I could leave that up for discussion and speculation (we good at that)...focus more on the actual machinations I see being put in place.You are here? 

Why are you speaking like you exist in a different dimension to everyone else?I think you misunderstood me, what you think is a 'demon' is not something from hell, it is an entity from another dimension. Some entities are evil and some are not. The concept of angles and demons was givin to us as symbol of good and evil existing beyond our reality. I do not believe in angles or demons as most religions show them.*dimension. And they're higher intelligences, even though terrestrial, so most people would use the term "alien."I was going to say 'isn't 3d chess just chess', but I then I guess the third dimension is only decorative.

Although I suppose you need at least three dimensions to actually play it, you wouldn't be able to interact with the pieces if you were stuck in two. So. Hm.Lets pretend: How possible is it that aliens started life here on earth as "lets see what happens" project. 


Aliens much more advanced then our humans at their present state, would not have created so much pain and nonsense for a lets see what happens project. Unless a school child in another dimension we can not see and they certainly can not see us, create the Universe or Universes in a test tube like gas bubbles for fun.

We are simple tool makers. We just started to blow each other up with nuclear weapons. Our world leaders from east to west, are puppets of our monetary system, busy filling their own pockets, destroying, controlling and robbing small countries rogue nations with the excuse of terrorism, fear, while shaking their religious books and nuclear sticks at each other. We just started to send cargo to a very close Earth orbit and think that we are space fairing. Our drawings from the caves has just moved to canvasses we hang on our walls we are proud of.

We do not have a cure for simple flu and many other thousands of diseases like Plague, Ebola, Heart diseases, diabetes, Cancer yet. We are popping anti inflammatory medications like Ibuprofens with horrific side effects all the time. (it effected reduced my cartilage in my joints.) We recently started selling each-other snake oil type very expensive medications and treatments that can treat some diseases but certainly doesn't cure most. Our Doctors study nutrition only about 6–10 hours total. They have no incentive to discuss diet and nutrition with patients. Low insurance reimbursement rates discourage in-depth discussions anyway. Instead, they are forced to see three patients for an average of 20 minutes an hour.

At a cost of great deforestation, 46% global warming and using about 400 liters of water we produce a pound of burger patty. We are neurotic about leaky taps but spend about 1000 liters of water to produce 1 liter cows milk. We domesticate and “humanely” kill and eat other non human animals for their taste while ignoring that it is causing us many terrible diseases like diabetes, hearth disease obesity etc. We hate animal cruelty we have RSPCA or SPCA we love some animals as pets still eat them. Genetically we are cousins with the weed in our gardens (50% similarity) We are so very proud of our masonry that we turned it into a religion Free Masonry but we ignore and step on the simple spider that can build very sophisticated structures with practically what is coming out of its back side without any bragging. We destroy bees with our chemicals or for competition, steal their honey without hesitation.

When I was younger and more ignorant than I am now, I did not have enough knowledge and did not know much about Darwin. I was healthy and blissfully ignorant reading lots of science fiction. Thinking that space was made of fart in a giant, camel like creatures intestines about to be pooped out. There was no Internet and search engines. I watched TV and believed the dumbing propaganda and all the product advertising and placement, believed it all! When somebody said, they are the chosen ones and they have a soul and the best, soul they will go to heaven and live forever. When they said they were promised a certain piece of land on the planet by the God, whom was acting just like an estate agent, I respected their beliefs. I watched the Exorcist and shivered.

I thought they maybe right and I did not have a proof otherwise. Religion offered eternal life to death fearing humans it also gave them somebody like Devil to blame for their wrong doings and God to pray to for their health and wealth or blame for their misfortunes. I did not think religion was a tax heaven business that promised heaven and was being used for political and financial gain. I didn't know that Emperor Constantine declaring Jesus as the new God for the Byzantium empire at around 325 was a good political move. The masses were given a sense of superiority by religion against other inferior belief systems and making it legal and easier to eliminate them to have slaves paid or unpaid. We call them salary earners and workers these days.

Without question sacrifice becoming wholesale. The free demolition of building seven and the billions of dollars insurance claims received people are getting sacrificed by the millions. Shit hole countries and people who believe in an inferior, lesser God. They call it the war on terror and paid killers control drones from air conditioned offices to satisfy their egos, their banker bosses interests, their spirituality intact they collect their salaries and get to be called heroes.

More than 800,000 people die from cardiovascular disease each year in The United States alone. (This must be why government do not want to provide people free health insurance too expensive.) But they reduce the tax millionaires and billionaires suppose to pay to encourage the poor people to eat less and healthy.

It is now 2 minutes to midnight. I don't think they will wait for an asteroid like Apophis to do it for them April 13 2029. They are almost there. Most of them are so brain washed with the idea of an apocalypse they can not wait for it and want to induce it. Thanks to Abrahamic teachings. like they invented the cesarean section easy come easy go without the gut bacteria from the mommy's birth canal. sacrifice the immune system!

Does this species look like they are designed by a superior being an alien to you? 

Maybe they were trying to destroy Earth, so they genetically altered us to self destruct and do it for them.

Do you think we try and communicate with or try to genetically improve Mosquitos? Yes we do. We genetically modify them to control their populations.My girlfriend and I have noticed a lot of shows lately are going the route of not only AI but also that there is another "realm " or dimension that the characters get involved with. That and mkultra mind control stuff. You work way up from microdosing to full dosing and then to multiple at the same dosing and when you reach those thresholds and your mental construct navigation map sequence mind generator adapts to the modus operandi of deminsions you have traveled into, then you start titrating your lsd with ever increasing amounts of DMT crystals so the merging of Dan Tians happens in rapid motion of all 3 becoming one mega omnipresence dan tian of all information available at all time while the entuties embue with mega downloads of secret matrix intitiation code of truth fluctuations and your being transcends all existence but that's not where it ends, you have to also source out Iboga and incorporate the mega supreme trip beyond time and space which constitutes 10 LSD tabs, a mega dose of Iboga, and just before the body dismantles into crystalline non-binary informational complexes via junk DNA activation factors for reality control performance manifesting in real time carbon based molecules via thought and will is when you vaporize the correct temp DMY crystals which sends you to the Ultimate dimension that transcends the lower ones the people originally thought were the higher ones   Haha! What planet do you live on where Turkey is improving in those categories:  

&gt;Economy, Military, Medical, Exports and Human Rights have all had amazing advances since 2014. 

This is the reality just after the Turkish coup in July, 15, 2016 and thanks for illustrating the depth of pro-Turkish shills on Reddit:   

&gt;https://turkeypurge.com/     
&gt;151,967 dismissed*

&gt;133,257
detained

&gt;64,998
arrested

&gt;3,003
schools, dormitories and universities shut down

&gt;5,822
academics lost jobs****

&gt;4,463
judges, prosecutors dismissed**

&gt;189
media outlets shut down

&gt;319
journalists arrested*

This is an old post I wrote that gives just a tiny glimpse of how much the AKP regime lies about key indicator indicators:     

But the Turkish government lies all the time and their GDP figure and economic growth figures are all lies. These are the games that the AKP plays with GDP calculations:   

&gt;http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/opinion/gunes-komurculer/questions-regarding-turkeys-revision-in-gdp-calculations-107364

&gt;December 16 2016 


&gt;...

&gt;With the new calculation method, on Dec. 12, some 80 million Turks got a nearly 20 percent boost to their average standard of living – on paper at least. TÜİK said the 2015 GDP stood at $861 billion, from $720 billion before the revision – adding $141 billion to the size of the economy virtually overnight. The growth over the previous decade now averages more than one percent compared to the previous calculations. 

And:   
https://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2016/12/turkey-how-turks-became-richer-overnight.html

In 2006 the AKP liars pulled the same stunt:   

&gt;Turkey revises 2006 GDP up 31.6 percent   

&gt;The Turkish Statistics Institute (TURKSTAT) revised the country's 2006 gross domestic product up 31.6 percent to 758 billion lira ($526 billion), the institute's chairman Omer Demir said on Saturday. 2006 GDP was previously reported as 576 billion lira, he said. (UPDATED)

&gt;...

I will not included that link as the crappy Reddit automod deletes automatically all posts linking to that Turkish source. 

Another good article where a Western economist, Erik Meyersson looking at freight traffic, energy consumption, construction permits, bank loans shows the AKP is likely lying with their reports of high economic growth, because it is not consummate with those aforementioned indicators:   

&gt;https://erikmeyersson.com/2017/02/16/will-the-real-real-gdp-in-turkey-please-stand-up/

A Turkish economist, Dani Rodrik destroys the AKP myth that Turkey is gaining ground economically vis a vis the rest of the world under their rule:  

&gt;http://rodrik.typepad.com/dani_rodriks_weblog/2015/04/turkish-economic-myths.html

&gt;...

&gt;First, let’s dispense with some misconceptions about how well the Turkish economy did under Erdogan. As the chart below shows, Turkey’s growth performance since 2002 (when AKP took over) has been middling. A 50% increase in per-capita GDP (at constant prices) is nothing to scoff at, but it is below what Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Uruguay, Peru, Argentina, Ghana, Indonesia, Philippines and many others – not to mention China and India – have achieved. (And no, Turkey’s income did not triple over this period, as government officials claim.) 

&gt;..

More from Rodrik, as he points out when you compare Turkey to its developing nation competitors, not the developed world, Turkish GDP growth is anemic by comparison and Turkey is actually losing ground to its closest economic rivals:   

&gt;http://rodrik.typepad.com/dani_rodriks_weblog/2013/06/how-well-did-the-turkish-economy-do-over-the-last-decade.html

&gt;...

&gt;The Turkish government likes to claim that the GDP expanded by more than three-fold between 2002 and 2012. This is a misleading number, as it is based on the dollar valuation of Turkish GDP at current prices, and hence lumps both dollar inflation and the real appreciation of the Turkish lira on top of real growth. Calculated properly, real GDP (or GDP at constant prices) rose by 64 percent during 2002-2012, and real GDP per capita by 43 percent.* 

&gt;...

&gt;However, an important issue that is frequently overlooked is the conjunctural and comparative dimension. The last decade has been an exceptionally good one for developing countries as a whole. When Turkey’s performance is compared to the average for emerging and developing countries, it hardly looks distinguished. This can be seen from the figure below.

&gt;The figure shows that Turkish performance lagged significantly behind emerging and developing economies as a group. In the latter, real GDP rose by 95% compared to Turkey’s 64%.  Real GDP in large emerging markets such as China, India, Bangladesh, and Indonesia all grew more rapidly than Turkey, as it did in many smaller African and Latin American countries.

Keep in mind he is not questioning the official figures given by the Turkish government that much compared to Meyersson. 

------------------------------------------------------------

In conclusion get you be wrong and get more owned? Not possible, I don't think. 





actually non earth based ufo do come through a "gateway" from the astral dimension.No. Telekinesis is possible because of a different dimension. The objects are moved by forces from that dimension. Entities in that dimension help certain humans out that way. So, see, you can't possible cultivate it - unless you're in contact with said creatures from that other dimension. 

That is precisely how all "magic" came to be; entities from that dimension following the intent/words/mantras/conjuring/etc. of humans. The reason people think they can do magic if they have "pure intentions" is due to the lack of understanding of the role the other dimension and its creatures play in ours. 

Magic is real, telekinesis is real, but we can not perform any of them without assistance. The assistance comes at a price. Be careful. So you're saying the idea of "Spacetime" isn't real. A 3D object isn't able to move or change unless it moves through an extra dimension of time so on some level must exist.I imagine these incomprehensible entities — their world isn’t defined by time and space, but by concepts we can never hope to grasp. For them, time and space are just theoretical properties that come in handy for simple logic puzzles or mindless doodling.

One of them discovers a kludge that allows consciousness to evolve in a universe with only three spatial dimensions and one time dimension, which is really mind blowing and counterintuitive. Sort of like being able to build an electron microscope inside of the lyrics of “Folsom Prison Blues.”  For these guys, making a infinite multiverse full of such universes only requires the equivalent of a notepad &amp; pencil. In terms of effort, living the lives of every conscious being throughout time in an infinite number of parallel universes is the equivalent of reading the Sunday comics. 

So what’s going on in your life right now? It’s being discussed by countless minds outside of time and space. There exist fields of study, each devoted to one of our lives. Not that there’s any direct translation, but there are ultradimensional “conferences,” “theses,” “institutes,” and “operas” devoted to, or based on, your life. And that of your cat. (“The Pepper Purrplex: Why is The Turkey and Giblets Flavor So Objectionable?”)

So what kind of weird thing are you really, living this human life right now? Just reach for the menu, hit pause, and regard yourself. You don’t remember how to do this, but really, you know how to.There is one God. One creator. Jesus was his first creation. The old gods existed. They werent gods. But they were divine beings. Think saint in christianity. A spirit made divine by jesus. This was all before the first human on earth. The gods of rome and Greece are the same gods of Egypt and the mayans and the vimings. Same entities. Revealed themselves as different things based on local customs

The worship of the old gods is still permitted. You must only worship God before no others though. Theres a Jewish rabbi that does this (I do too). God first. The others after. No different than Catholics worship of varipus saints.

We needed the things taught by these old gods to advance spiritually as a species before the true God revealed hinself to us.

There is no hell. There is a lower and upper 4th dimension where negative spirits go to the lower. This is where the "down to hell comes from"

But there is no endless torture other than being around other negative twats. God loves all his creations. You are welcome to go up whenever you absolve your negativity. 

I was raised Lutheran. High school I did the typical atheist edgelord thing. Senior year found Odin and went to war to gain favor and maybe go to Valhalla if I was lucky. 

This is what ive learned between studying eastern, Hindu and native American techniques to kick over to a trance like state for meditation and a couple dmt trips.

Humanity as a while evolved with the advance of the times. However there was a noticeable change in our spiritual evolution around 1510 - 1540 ad. So likely sometime within a hundred or so years before that caused it as the change was something that took a generation or two to change. 

The biggest issue is the gatekeeping of knowledge. The free sharing of the workings of the universe and God is highly regarded as the key to advancement. This is geberally an issue caused by abrahamic religions that staryed keepkng the aecrets of the mystics from the general population. 

In order to get answers you must first seek knowledge. No one is in control, there is no shadowy cabal of individuals/extraterrestrials responsible for your decisions and environment.

I only have two things to add to your discussion though.

First, you chose to be here before you were born, and you'll choose to return again, be it for the same challenge, or something new.

Second, time is not linear, all times are happening at once.  This universe itself is a 3D hologram from a 2D dimension (this is the current scientific theory, at least).  This is all a simulation to learn something or face an experience.  Should you fail to accomplish your mission this time, you'll try it again in a different body, in a different time, same soul fragment.  

You are not a prisoner though, not at all, you're/we're all a fragment of something even greater than the universe/multiverse that is beyond our comprehension. So don't be fearful, all decisions, environments, and actors were chosen and coordinated well before we were self aware of our circumstance and mortality.
this meta-narrative is so revealing ... how for some people, it is fear itself that manifests the subjective presence of aliens. Where do the aliens disappear to when the fear is gone?  Do they go into the 4th dimension of our holographic mind or is it the other way around?He was not the first person to claim the world is a globe. And the Greeks tended to lump discoveries onto the greats if the past. 

And actually pythagoraus' theorum is how we reduced the modern dimension of the earth. Because it didn't fit! Pythagoraus' theorum only works in Euclidean geometry. We needed to incorporate spherical algebra to correct the error found on known global measurements. 


FE is a silly game. Best left to children. It is middle school math provable. 

It is a sad sogn of the state of our education system that anyone can leave high school without this basic knowledge.Just because I travel from Dallas to Las Vegas, does that mean that Dallas no longer exists?  Sure, to my perception and surroundings, it's "gone", but it obviously still exists.  Its just separated by some spatial dimensions.  

Time is/could be similar.  Just because I've moved away from the "past" doesn't mean the past doesn't exist; it just means I'm no longer there observing it.  If I could move back the direction I came (the 'time' dimension in space-time), then I could observe it.I have found that dreams (when you fall asleep at night) are mainly a conglomeration of the days events combined with visual representations of your bodily process like your gut being upset and  or your head aches or other unnoticable daily human body processes...but visions are different...visions can be a glimpes past the veil but the question we must always be ready to ask is, "Is this a vision with important meaning or is some being from another dimension fucking with me?!" 

From the one person that I knew who had a spiritual encounter of the first kind, you will know when it is important and if you don't know, it probably isn't.Let's take the senate. That's 100 politicians in office at any given time. Pick any point in time and name the ones who have characters that have been assassinated.

I am arguing that mere character assassination cannot account for the phenomenon we see. An important correlate is my contention that Americans elect electable candidates. The campaigning cycle almost insures that IF they have "assassinatable" characters before election, they will usually get weeded out. This despite both money corruption and sex-scandals of any dimension. IF they are controlled by character assassination, and only a few actually get assassinated that way, we would have to assume that EITHER the majority are clean, because they clearly are not getting character assassinated, OR the majority are criminals and frauds who look out for each other to the extent of covering crimes (which could assassinate left and right) AND the majority of voters and party-members are likewise seriously deluded.

I know it's a complicated line of reasoning, but it's meant in the way one might argue that Flat Earth cannot be true because a vast majority of astronomers have no interest in pretending. A vast number of politicians also appear to have no compelling interest in exposing themselves to potential penalties by leading "character assasinatable" lives.

My hunch is something else, and it goes like this. New politicians that come into office receive a bunch of briefings. In these briefings they are told certain things that make them act the way they do - and what they are told is convincing without blackmail.

You might be disappointed in my grand finale, but as a conspiracy theorist you shouldn't be. If we look closely at the actions of the political class for at least 20 and maybe 40-50 years, I'll just say this: whatever they are getting briefings on is UN-REPEATABLE. Our job is to repeat the things that MAYBE those briefings of otherwise clean politicians include. It also gives us a lot of freedom, not to know. If we knew for sure we would have to keep it to ourselves, or face quite considerably bad consequences.

Sorry for the rant-worthy retort - sometimes you get the whole 10 yards.

We need the real Dale Cooper to come back from another dimension and save usMaterial Reference:Treason at the air force command space Richard Lighthouse

**Technology \- Block All Microwaves**
 

**A Faraday Cage that is properly designed and properly grounded, will block all microwaves and will block all V2K.  It will also block all synthetic telepathy, Artificial Intelligence signals, and whatever other descriptions you have heard.  The people that designed this technology for Schriever Air Force Base are not medical doctors.  They are engineers.  Please stop listening to medical doctors to solve an engineering problem.**
 

**Your microwave oven is a good example of a Faraday Cage.  The microwaves in this case, are kept inside the cage, rather than outside.  In simple terms, a Faraday cage is a metal box or shell that conducts electricity and protects whatever is inside.  There has been a huge disinformation campaign by the CIA to convince TI's that an effective cage cannot be built.  Don't believe it.  A Faraday Cage is simple science and has been around since the 1800's.**
 

**The history of satellite weapons is provided below.  All readers should familiarize themselves with this information.  See the technology tabs at TargetedJustice.com**
 

**The Faraday Cage was invented by Michael Faraday in the 1830's.  A simple Faraday Cage is basically a box\-type enclosure that will carry an electrical current on the surface and isolate the contents that are inside, from any harmful electrical effects.**
 

**https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faraday\_cage**
 

**We are providing some of the details, so you can make one yourself.  This information will be updated as we get more experimental results.**
 

**You can make one at any size that you want.  We recommend one that is sized for sleeping, since this is when the US Air Force personnel at Schriever Air Force Base will increase the targeting on your brain.  Over a long period of time, the microwaves attack the white matter tissue in the brain, and cause it to deteriorate.  We know this from the MRI's of the U.S. diplomats in Cuba complaining of "sonic attacks".  A good Faraday cage will block all of these microwave attacks.**
 

**The wood frame can be built from 2 x 4's that are available at HomeDepot or Lowes.**
 **The recommended size for one person is about 31" X 36" x 90"**  
 **The recommended size for 2 persons is about 31" X 48" X 90"**
 

**The 31" dimension is set by the maximum size that will go thru your doorway, if you build it in your garage.**
 

**The first choice of surface material is a high\-mesh aluminum wire screen.  This is NOT the aluminum screen that is available at HomeDepot or Lowes \- the mesh is not high enough.  \(Mesh is the number of wires per inch.\)**
 **We recommend a 40 mesh aluminum wire screen, if you can obtain it.  24 x 24 mesh might also suffice.**
 

**Some TI's have reported building a Faraday Cage using ordinary aluminum screen from Hope Depot.  At first, it appears that the cage is working properly.  Within a few weeks or months, the government criminals will install a higher frequency magnetron close by \(usually on a cell tower\), that will penetrate the aluminum mesh.** 
 

**One TI has claimed total protection using solid copper panels.  Some have reported that their enclosure shakes, although it blocks the microwaves.  This is probably am acoustic attack, meaning that acoustic waves are being used that vibrate molecules in the air.  Acoustic\-Pressure waves cannot destroy brain tissue like microwaves.  This is different than directed microwaves.  Supposedly, scalar waves have been used, but this has not been proven.  More suggestions at CitizensAHT.org**
 

**The second choice of materials is Extra Heavy Duty Aluminum Foil, such as Reynolds 632 and Reynolds 633 foil.  WARNING: YOU MUST DRILL SMALL HOLES IN THE FOIL AFTER IT IS INSTALLED, BECAUSE THE AIR INSIDE DOES NOT CIRCULATE, CAUSING CARBON DIOXIDE POISONING.   Carbon dioxide poisoning can occur within one hour inside the box dimensions which have been given for one person.  It must be ventilated by drilling multiple holes with 1/64" inch drill bit.  50 holes on 2 sides of the box should suffice.  The holes are deliberately small to block the higher frequencies, that the Air Force will try to use.  Keep the holes in a small area \- high on one side and low on the opposite side of the box for circulation.**
 

**The total cost of materials is about $300.  It can be built using ordinary aluminum foil from Walmart.  However, this might be easily damaged.  Extra Heavy Duty aluminum foil is available from many different websites.  Reynolds 632 and Reynolds 633 are good examples of Extra Heavy Duty Foil.  The aluminum foil easily carries the voltage from the microwaves at 1 to 10 millivolts.  The frequency from the Vircator satellite weapon is about 3925 MHz.  The magnetron frequency from cell towers is typically, either 2400 MHz or 2550 MHz.**
 

**Step 1.  Build a wooden box frame out of 2 x 4's, at the size that you want.**
 **Step 2.  Cover the box with aluminum foil, overlapping the joints, and taping on each side.  Be certain there are no gaps anywhere on the surface. Use aluminum foil tape or a very sticky tape and SEAL BOTH SIDES OF THE OVERLAPPING JOINTS.  The glue on one side of aluminum foil tape is not conductive.  Alternately, you can use copper tape that is conductive on both sides.  \(Check it with a voltmeter\) Any gaps will allow the microwaves to penetrate the box.  The government criminals will attempt to penetrate the box by using a higher frequency of microwaves that can get into small cracks and larger holes.**
 **Step 3.  The door seal is the most critical part.  The door must be designed so that it makes a near\-perfect seal.  There must be continuous contact where the door seals against the box frame.  One method for the door seal, is to use a linear sponge material and wrap it in ordinary aluminum foil.**
 **Step 4.  Grounding.  Use a grounding wire that is #6 gage or better to connect to the aluminum screen or foil.  \(smaller number means larger wire\)  Home Depot may have a wire remnants section in the electrical aisle, where you can find this wire inexpensively.**
 **Step 5.  Ground Rod.  Connect to a good grounding source.  We recommend NOT using the grounding rod below your electrical box.  The criminals can remotely put a signal to the ground, which may back\-feed your Box.  The grounding rod will be 3 to 4 feet into the ground, as a minimum.  CAUTION:  Get someone that understand electrical connections to help you.  Alternative:  Attach to the metal gas pipe, where it goes underground.**
 **Use a wire brush to be certain the surface is clean and makes good contact between the wire clamp and the rod.  Check it with a voltmeter.  Clean the surface with a wire brush to be certain the clamp makes good contact with the gas pipe.  Do not use the household wiring for a ground.  The government criminals will put a signal into it.**
 **Step 6.  Get someone to help you test it.  Get inside and close the door.  If it seals properly, you will immediately notice a reduction in microwaves.  The government criminals will try to increase the intensity of microwaves to penetrate the enclosure.**
 **Step 7.  Troubleshooting.  If you are not getting a significant reduction, there is likely a gap somewhere on the surface.  The door seal or the grounding clamps are the most likely source of the problem.**
 

**Pictures and other details will be updated here.  Please check back to this web page.**
 

=============================================================================================
 

**This timeline was constructed from the patents and companies that worked on the microwave weapons program, as well as the stated events at Schriever.af.mil**
 

**TIMELINE – MICROWAVE SATELLITE  WEAPONS \- Thunderbolt System**
 **\(all dates are approximate\)**
  
 **\+     Research done under contract with U.S. Air Force at Mission Research Corporation, in Albuquerque, New Mexico  – Donald J. Sullivan \(approx. 1977 – 1980\).**
 

**ATK Mission Research Corporation**
 **5001 Indian School Road NE**
 **Albuquerque, NM 87110**
 **www.OrbitalATK.com**
 

**\+     US Patent 4345220, Submitted Feb. 12, 1980 for the Vircator Microwave Weapon.**
 URL_REPLACED
 **Donald J Sullivan**
 **9100 Hagerman Ave NE**  
 **Albuquerque, NM  87109** 
 

**\+     Patent 4345220 Granted to Donald J. Sullivan:    Aug. 17, 1982**
          **\-   Patent assigned to U.S. Air Force**
 

**\+    President Reagan Announces Star Wars/Strategic Defense Initiative – March 23, 1983**
 

**\+    Groundbreaking for what will become Schriever Air Force Base \-  May 1983.** 
 

**\+    Titan Corporation in San Leandro, California builds prototype Vircator, in 1983 \- 1984.  Modified to become the Reltron, which has higher efficiency. The completed hardware is named the Thunderbolt System.** 
 

**\+    The Thunderbolt System is built by the Titan Corporation \(now called L\-3 Technologies\) rated at 32 MegaJoules of energy.  One megajoule \(MJ\) is equal to one million joules, or approximately the kinetic energy of a 2,200 lb vehicle moving at 100 mph \(161 km/h\).  1984 \- 1989**
 

**\+    Mark Fleenor becomes General Manager, 1986.**
 

**Lawrence Mark Fleenor, General Manager \(1986 \- 2005\)**
 **Air Force Weapons Lab &amp; Mission Research Corp**
 **https://www.linkedin.com/in/lawrencemarkfleenor**
 

**Lawrence Mark Fleenor**    
 **9905 Desert Mountain RD NE**  
 **Albuquerque, NM  87122** 
 

**\+    Strategic Defense Initiative launches about 24 to 30 satellites into geosynchronous orbit with the Thunderbolt System \(Vircator/Reltron\):  1987 – 1992.**
 

**\+    The 2nd Space Wing at Schriever Air Force Base takes operational control of the Air Force Satellite Control Networkbeginning in October 1987.  The Air Force Satellite Control Network was previously located in Sunnyvale, California \- the home of Lockheed Missiles and Space Company \(LMSC\).**
 

**\+    Targeted Individual, Harlan Girard, reports first microwave attacks from satellite,  1987.**
 

**\+    50th Space Wing is activated at Schriever Air Force Base, 30 January 1992, replacing the 2nd Space Wing.**
 

**\+    In July 1992, the US Government claims the Strategic Defense Initiative \(SDI\) program was canceled.  What this really means – it is now fully operational.  The current Vircator Microwave Weapons have been measured at 3920 \- 3935 MHz.  The FCC frequency allocation table confirms this is a satellite\-to\-ground frequency.**
 

**References**

* **“High Power      Microwave Generation from a Virtual Cathode Oscillator” \(August 1983\) –      Donald J. Sullivan**
* **http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/4336679/?reload=true**

* URL_REPLACED                                  
* ***D. Price and      others, Titan Corporation*** 
* "The Titan      Corporation has been developing directed energy technologies since the      early 1980s. Over this time Titan has provided advanced power supplies for      electromagnetic gun and laser research while making broader contributions      in the field of high\-power microwaves \(HPM\). Titan's HPM work expanded      from initial efforts fielding and operating the fist gigawatt\-level      oscillators for susceptibility test applications, to research and development      maximizing the peak and average output powers and overall efficiency      realized from such systems. As interest in HPM technology has spread      globally, Titan has leveraged this core competency and provided the HPM      equipment for nearly all of the major European effects test facilities.      Titan's current interests focus on compact, efficient and reliable      directed energy weapon systems and the advanced subsystems and components      that enable the same."


 **Information on the L\-3 Technologies website:**
 **http://www2.l3t.com/ati/solutions/electromagnetic\_systems.htm**URL_REPLACED is wrong, and the age of the Earth and universe wrong as well. So there you go: there are no aliens coming from out there, because the universe model is wrong, and there *isn't anything out there.* Simple.

Can there be beings from other realms of this reality? Of course. The "little green men" and other sightings could be from Earth just from a far away, forbidden zone, or other "dimension." But so far in the Earth in this dimension, it appears it's just us humans here, but they (TPTB) have been ramping up a psychological operations to fake an alien invasion. In other words, there will be *people* in those saucers, and the aliens will be figments of a Hollywood imagination. Don't fear aliens. Fear Big Brother and his very real and very deadly monsters (brought to you by Disney).TLDR about Psychedelics:

There's another "dimension", and it can be used for good or bad.It's a terrible analysis. Don't believe me? Let's take a look. 

An analysis is a detailed examination of the elements or structure of something. Can you show me explicitly where you provided a detailed examination of what it is you're talking about? It's not in your comments anyway.

Regarding your article: just because it's on Forbes don't mean shit. It's also a guest post. A guest post from  Alex Nowrasteh, who's undoubtedly left. He's also pro\-immigration, which is pretty conflicting with the right in your country. So from the start we have a relatively low\-quality post from a biased observer with an agenda. Great. Objectivity here we come. 

In his post you see that he creates four groups for his analysis. They are Islamic Terrorists, Nationalists and Right Wing Terrorists \(you can be a nationalist in my country without being Right Wing, but whatever\), Left Wing Terrorists \(that's a nice way to narrow the Left\) and Unknown/Other. Before I move on, do you see the problem with this? He applies a different grain for each group. Why would you separate terrorist attacks into religious beliefs \(only Islamic belief too\) and political ideology? You do know there's a centre too, right? Where are they in his groupings? Where are the Christian terrorists? Environmental terrorists?  Jewish terrorists? The groupings make no fucking sense at all. If you were in any way decent at practicing science then you'd see the folly immediately. There's no basis for a strong methodology of comparison. Not to mention his research skills regarding statistics are abysmal at best. 

He assess the terrorist attacks that took place between 1992 and 2017. You read the article, you know the story. So Right Wing terrorists have been ten times as deadly over this specific period than Left Wing terrorists. Funnily enough though, Left Wing terrorists have killed almost three times as many people as Right Wing terrorists since the start of 2016 \(up to the date of publication of the article\). So in actuality, at the moment, Left Wing terrorists are definitely more deadly. See how I make statistics shift my way?

Anyway, regarding your last comment: the article clearly shows that Left Wing terrorism is more of a growing threat than Right Wing terrorism. Left Wing terrorism has been rising exponentially relative to other forms. So I suppose that's the problem.

No, that's not the problem. The problem is people like you who propagate and peddle divisive dialogues for your own agenda, an agenda derived from your narrow, biased analysis of the world around you. 

I don't follow a particular ideology. Representing the entire political spectrum on a one\-dimension was never going to be a good idea. Besides that, you need both wings to fly my friend. 

In terms of implicit and explicit global terrorism, the USA leads the charge for being the most malevolent and destructive force on the planet. From unsustainable consumption to extortionate production, from kicking in the conceptual front\-door of nations you have no place being in to resource\-robbery of more noble nations than yours, you are the bane upon this earth and it's all the better if you wipe yourselves away. 

Alas, this is not the case though. Instead we're left with insidious and short\-sighted plebians like yourself, spreading your hateful and \*very poorly analysed\* opinions. 

Downvote me to oblivion. That's how I know I'm on to somethingWhat alternate dimension are you from? Muslims have always been notoriously brutal slavers, even into the 20th century.  We aren't talking about trading guns for captives like the Atlantic slave trade, we are talking about raids of southern and eastern Europe for over a thousand years.  Taking the mark wil bound your soul to the 3rd dimension for eternity... do NOT take itThere are multiple dimensions within this **Simulation**. The physically deceased reside in the **Astral Dimension**.Lol. The matrix is life itself. I experience it everyday. I'm battery for a fucking race of lizards outside of our dimension lol I'd say aliens, but that's not even as highly contested as flat earth, so I'm going with flat earth for 200 Alex...

It's easy to write off and I don't personally like the arguments or leaps of logic brought about by the theory, but there are some aspects to it which interest me still.

Firstly, many acclaimed scientists and thinkers believe there is a high possibility we're in a simulation. If that's the case, flat earth shouldn't be ruled out. There are even wilder theories like the "saturn moon matrix" which carry the same core idea, with the added concept of "loosh" or whatever is being thrown around this sub lately (your body is an energy source being harvested by beings in another dimension). So there could be something more spiritual/biblical to it as well. Secondly, there are some interesting coincidence/phenomena with things such as the Sun being the same size as the Moon from our location of observation on Earth. Some things like that one just seem too perfect by design.

Another one is geocentrism. It has been argued for millennia whether or not the Earth is actually moving, what is its position in the universe, how do the celestial objects in our solar system actually orbit each other, and why do we observe red shift everywhere. Hubble's observation of red shift suggests *everything is moving away from us* which Hubble claims puts us in a somewhat "special" place in the universe, aka at the center of it, and it may be that every place in the universe is in some way the center.

Some links to consider:

https://biblescienceforum.com/2014/01/31/hubble-does-our-galaxy-occupy-a-special-place-in-the-universe/

https://www.theprinciplemovie.com/URL_REPLACED

URL_REPLACED

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please URL_REPLACED if you have any questions or concerns.*Came across Saturn worship yesterday. Pretty interesting stuff.
Apparently there's a massive connection with all these Satanic religions and Saturn. From the beginning of man's time, these ancient cult and religions worship Saturn and we have all been deceived to worship Saturn. There's a link with the Hexagon, the star of david, all seeing eye, freemasons ...basically secret ancient and powerful knowledge. I'm theorizing 4th dimension. That hexagon on Saturn is also pretty interesting. I believe it.  I've been having dreams of dimension jumping, flying, psychokinesis etc.  Time is the zeroth dimension, ruler of all, God of the universe.

All dimensions arise from Time.

Our brain not only keeps time, it can simulate time.

Our mind is like a huge tangled knot of time points, easily traversable.

We are God, sailing in the body of Christ.

Some minds hold more time points, or are more easily traversable. Our animal friends are lesser Gods.'crazy' is stupid label; it's very purpose is to completely dismiss someone.

Even if someone was ranting and raving to no visible person, maybe that person is hearing voices. I can't hear the voices, so I think, 'oh, must be crazy'. But that person is ACTUALLY HEARING VOICES. To them, it's real. 'Crazy' discounts someone's unique experience just because they're operating on some plane of existence the rest of us aren't. I can take a shit\-ton of acid and hear voices and hallucinate, but I'm not 'crazy', I'm just 'on drugs'. I'm on another dimension of experiential reality. 

I just discovered Kyle Odom's manifesto...URL_REPLACED, you can see he's clearly lucid and articulate when he was writing it. This guy clearly believes, with every fiber of his being, that there are 'Martian reptiles' that walk among us. To call him crazy is to completely discount his experience of reality. I stepped away from that manifesto like, 'huh, well everything's so fucking crazy these days, maybe there are martian reptilians among us'. I don't even know what to believe anymore.

We also don't 100&amp;#37; understand schizophrenia. There are some indigenous cultures in the world where it doesn't exist...if we think it happens x percentage of the time across all populations, it should be there, but it's not. Also, documented incidences of societies where, after television was introduced, incidences of schizophrenia shot up. Some scientists think we evolved from a 'bicambrial' mind, which would essentially be schizophrenia. We all do have a 'voice in our heads', but it's OUR voice. We're constantly narrating our own lives to ourselves. 

Personally, I think the lions share of these shootings are just the symptoms of a completely sick society. People feel trapped, hopeless, scared, disenfranchised...why not go out and take some people that represent why you think you feel that way? I think pharm drugs exacerbate this, or make it easier to do...look at how many of these shooters were on SSRIs. But I think, fundamentally, our society doesn't give anyone the tools they need to be happy, and everyone's kinda on their own, so we're just gonna keep seeing these things happen until we start looking at proactive solutions instead of reactive ones \(for example: there's crime in poor neighborhood, the proactive solution would be to increase education, social support services, and make more jobs available for people...but instead we go the reactive route of hiring more police officers. Proactive approach to shootings would be, vastly increase mental health services, and foster community and open/understanding/empathetic connections between people; reactive is 'Now the teachers all have guns too'\)...however, how sick and fucked our society is, that's never going to happen. So, just gear up for more shootings.

Also to note: I think 'all these people were directed to attack with energy weapons' is falling into the conspiracy theorists trap of not wanting the world to be random. Even though the implication is that the GOV is literally manipulating people into shooting others, at least it's not just 'random violence'. The oder of the universe is still in tact....the truth is, any of us can die any die for any random reason \(a crazy person, a meteorite, an escaped tiger, a distracted driver\); the universe is violent and random. It's more comforting to believe there's some sort of 'master plan', because it allows us to continue on, not terrified that we can die at any point from anything \(which we totally can\).I like this theory with the added bonus that the aliens are us from another time/dimension. &gt; You can’t create a “Tsunami Bomb” of the 3/11 Dimension
&gt; How do you know?


Basic knowledge in Physics!

you're still pretending that you don't understand the difference between jewish religion and jewish ethnicity.   have you ever met an atheistic jew?  there are plenty out there.  did they stop being a jew when they stopped attending synagogue?

you would say so!   i would say: "only in one dimension of jewishness, the theological sense".

it's really such a simple and well  understood concept that i'm really confused as to  why you are refusing to accept it.   it's honestly completely uncontroversial!no, eyes are flat, 2D, as the rest of your existence, the curve you see in your eyes and everything you encounter is your mind's interpretation of the 3rd dimension OR he died in one dimension but continued living in the infinite amount of others. Depends. Space Aliens? Probably against. From another dimension? Definitely against. Hollow Earth? For Humanity. Hi. Yes. They actually resonate with negativity. This is why they are so cruel. Currently they are morphing this dimension into a hellhole.He also made the basement disappear into another dimension.It's this before or after Alex started talking about inter dimension lizard people wanting to steal babies?Isn't time just a function of the warping of space-fabric due to mass/energy?  Or technically, I guess, isn't "time" just our inability to perceive the 4th dimension?The Mayans tried to warn us. We misunderstood and thought they meant some great apocalyptic event would happen in 2012.

What actually happened was dimensional transference. As each individual dimension merged into one. We are now living in this merged reality and thus everything feels just a bit 'off' from expectations.I would recommend finding a good teacher. My practice is centered around Qigong, but I'm sure there are yoga teachers, Tibetan meditation teachers, teachers of different branches of Western magic or Christian mysticism who can help with this. I've backed myself into enough corners to realize the extreme benefit of having someone who knows way more than I do to reach out to when needed. 

Again, from a Qigong perspective, a lot of my grounding is centered around energizing the lower centers and channels, the kidney channel specifically. Additionally, I notice I have a huge block of stagnant energy in my frontal lobe most of the time. Sending that to the back of the brain can be very helpful in balancing. But again, I recommend finding a good teacher in a practice that you feel drawn to if possible.

These dark forces are absolutely what bring people depression, demotivation etc... But I think there is a lot more to it than external forces (which definitely come into play as well and are why I stopped using psychedelics). We're constantly projecting our emotions at one another, so it's easy to pick up the energies that we are susceptible to from others. Additionally, there seems to be a past life dimension to this as well, but as we grow and cultivate we can liberate generations within us. In my above message I guess I sort of lumped all this together as dark forces. 

I have been somewhat successful. The issue is I can clear and clear and clear all I want. But I need to remove the hooks that the dark forces cling to within myself. Like attracts like. Hooks of lust and emotion. These can be transmuted and smoothed, but it is a slow process, and, for me at least, it is not linear, but there is much slipping backwards along with moving forwards. To truly rid myself of the dark forces I not only need to remove the hooks, but also know the forces deeply, see them for what they are. This seems to be the key to permanently removing them. 

There is much power and potential under the material shell of things. Lewis, is that you? Did you find more rape trees in that alternate dimension you live in?Man created religion and created your idea of god. Both are based on ignorance. 

Do you actually *believe* that a god living in the skies (which is already ridiculous since we no longer need religion to know what's above the sky lmao) wrote a mythological *book* containing talking snakes, creation of the universe in 7 days, talking donkeys, apocalypses, people turning water into wine lmao, people being born of virgens or walking above water lmao by putting thoughts and dreams into this dimension on people's head? LMAO 

But let's discontruct your comment and see religius minds work:


&gt;Religion is a man made construct, the bible doesnt speak on religion. 

So the bible was miraculously written in magical rocks? Yeah, makes sense - for a religious person.

&gt;Man made religion not god. 

Hmmmm, but incredibly *all* gods are made of people's beliefs. Zeus, Osiris, Allah, jesus, yahweh. All bullshit. You and I are both atheists, I'm just atheist towards *one god* more than you.

&gt;Man corrupted religion dont confuse the two

So man is more powerful than god's powers? Or god just doesn't give a fuck? Or the ol' grand uncle LUCIFER YOUR LORD AND FATHER beat god but god will beat him in the end but not really but yes really so it doesn't matter? Hahahahah

You are wrong. Therev s a hyper-intelligent microscopic alien invasion that started 76 years ago. They are smaller than most bacteria and slightly larger than a typic virus. They travel in ships the size of a mosquito. They have an infinite possibility mechanism that allows it to produce an infinite amount of possibilities in the next dimension outside perpetually space. Their planets are mammalian species. They can only survive inside blood. The mammalian species on their planet was destroyed.&gt;It doesnt rely on a lot of other assumptions though.  If we assume reality is a simulation (which is a legit theory thats being taken seriously) then that explains everything we are discussing; while on the other hand, if you assume reality and the universe are physical you have to make a lot more assumptions to explain how everything came to be in the first place.

I absolutely disagree. You are making way more assumptions if you are arguing that we're living in a simulation, because you're assuming there's another reality outside ours without any sort of verifiable observation. You're really just adding another layer of reality on top of ours and assuming... well, literally everything about it.

Moreso, you can't use someone's anecdote that "Australia moved" as evidence of a simulation/parallel dimension or whatever without making huge, world altering assumptions. You can, however, use the known and quantifiable fact that people's memories aren't perfect to explain why someone think a country is in the wrong spot. Not many assumptions are being made, because we know memories are a shit show sometimes.&gt; No, you can not buy 4D blocks. 

Yes, you can buy those blocks, and there's no "clever marketing".  The guy who made them could determine three dimensional volume of objects by using sight alone.  
Ever looks at Dali's painting?

&gt;"fractals are about scale within the known dimension"
Proof?


* One in the hand is worth two in the bushes. 

* A man who chases two rabbits will catch neither.

If you believe that anything "left our reality" and "went into a higher dimension" then you obviously need to expand the scope of your reality. There is only one reality, it is the one 'in the hand,' SON.&gt; No worries, we shall wait until certainty (death) reaches us all.

already been there. NDE at work

&gt;. Now just because you THINK that you went into their dimension you believe everything those pagans said 2000 years ago when in fact it is just one big scheme.

I dont think, I know. When you are NDE/OBE you are completely disconnected from the body and the "thinking mind" and so you know you are not imagining it

&gt; you believe everything those pagans said 2000 years ago when in fact it is just one big scheme.

what you call "pagans" actually got a lot of stuff right. For example, when Buddha talks about realizing your Buddha nature, he;s talking about the part of you that doesn't die, the part that experience life after that body dies.

But this is what happens when pedo priests or some other denomination brainwashes you into believing that only they are right, and everything else is pagan, lolDMT is an alien technology that hurls people into a separate dimension, in which they're often taught things by highly intelligent "entities," meaning beings of various sorts. Spend some time on /r/dmt.I mean this is similar imo to Alex Jones. He has had some good points about inconsistencies in major narratives (for example pointing out the agent provacatuers in the WTO protests- he was 100% right about that), but as soon as he or anyone else try to claim there's some underlying cabal of truly evil (check out his interview with Joe Rogan-he believes this group of people at the top are in contact with demons from some alternate dimension, which is at the base of basically every conspiracy he's promotes) people with inhuman goals, I'm out, whether that group be Jews, capitalists, communists, Lizard people, whatever. To date, I've seen no one challenge that, they'd much rather point out his Sandy Hook nonsense, but that way of thinking is almost identical to the way people with an anti-Semitic bent will think about Jews. I understand the security found in the "knowledge" that there's some evil cabal of highly ordered schemers running shit, but it just isn't a thing. It can't be, humans are far too dumb to coordinate as throughly as people would like to believe.Thats sorcery bro. Either camera sorcery or universal sorcery, black magic or something.

Hope it's camera sorcery. If it's not then I mean, what are we doing!? There are 2 very large orbs in the sky. What the fuck!? I ain't going to work tomorrow, I'll tell you that right now.

That's probably 2 portals to another dimension. The best thing you can do for humanity is fly a plane through them and report back. God speed, sir.

Maybe it's an invisible-but-not-really-invinsible-spaceship!?

If anyone tries to give you a stupid scientific explanation, just punch them in the nose. We don't have time for this.

And you 100% should have lead with this though. 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rPmvlwlNL9g 

No one needs what ever the fuck that was at a time like this.More like merging with an evil 4th dimension non physical entitie he shares his body withSame teeth. Every tooth. Same director/best friend. Same town. Same performance art. Nose. Shoulders. EVERY SINGLE FACIAL DIMENSION. The faces can be layered on top of each other perfectly. It's indisputable.

No history of Alex Jones pre-Info Wars... Mysterious funding and popularity of show after original 'Alex Jones' is replaced? 

https://youtu.be/RNseMDToKdk

Hint: That is not Alex Jones. That's the original actor, whom is definitely not current 'Alex Jones'. SS: A overview of David Icke’s understanding of “the matrix”, the knowledge of the Gnostics, interpretations of the Nag Hammadi, and the concept that the dimension governed by time is the fake/virtual reality. Interesting since so much of the occult revolves around Saturn, Chronos the god of time.Which dimension of recursion do you speak of? Because the difference equation of recurrence relations will directly effect the results depending on which dimension your eluding towards..The internet is not in one place.  All of the content resides on a geographically dispersed set of servers.  Some of those servers are physical boxes, and others are shared slices of compute power that are dynamically allocated per application service.  Some content that is accessed frequently is cached and stored in content delivery networks, and dynamic aspects of that content might be stored a company's own data center.  Each system is assigned an IP address which is the Internet equivalent of a phone number.  The communications from your phone to the server are handled by the applications installed on the phone that leverage a set of sintructions that determine how the application and the server communicate (called protocols).  Each connection has a unique combination of IP address and source / destination ports that allows each system to prevent your communication from overlapping with my communication.  A set of hardware infrastructure called routers direct the flow of traffic, ensuring that each step along the way knows not the entire route to the end destination, but instead the very next hop.  This allows for systems to go up and down, and paths to change all dynamically.  I can assure you it's not magic, and its definitely not another dimension.  Dream on doogie howser... , it was a stunt to jump start slagging hi-def tv set sales for a struggling cable market that was about to be swallowed whole by nsa's perpetually open socket streams via youtube.  Your mouth just can't deny the month-to-month figures.  

But of course if you wanna believe in a trigger theory, you'd then have to admit it operated in dimension of warped time-space, i.e. in your jelly brain, not in reality.  Let's reminisce...

Super bowl was on feb.1, but 3 days previously, Jan 28, David Kay head of Iraq Survey Group says "we were almost all wrong".  So there's that.
...
Feb. 2, I hear crickets... but tell me if ur hearing something diff.
...
Then Feb.5 Powell tells fat lie to UN that they failed to disarm.
...
CIA director Tenet resigns June 3 for "personal" reasons, never once budging from his "slam dunk" assertion that Iraq haddem.  
Next day Pavitt also resigned, satan calling?
...
Meanwhile the official ISG report admitting there were never WMDs came Sept.30, 9mos later.  bam!
...
Janet must have some tasty cookies for the fetus of truth to break the placenta barrier on schedule.  How to explain time warp? well.... nipples do tend to do this to mind of men born in the usa, mass sexual repression works market wonders.

But back to the subject at hand... what's so "unusual" about nips?  aaand seriously, what's up w flooding this dumb post with "mattress" fluff and now 900 replies about "chinese take-out"?  This is like 3rd grade l unusual, wow you guys on this subs got played like chopsticks today.Maybe the Nazi's &amp; Hitler already beat them all to the other side(s) because they were into "Occultism", myths, religions &amp; other paranormal &amp; extra terrestrial subjects long ago. Maybe Hitler faked his death &amp; escaped to another dimension &amp; is living as a demon there already trying to get back with his hoards. LOLI am talking about the dimension that believes everything MSM feeds you and where there is a total disrespect of the US Constitution and Bill of Rights.   It’s early stage dementia I think. Watch a video of the man talking 20-30 years ago. Whether you agree or not with what he’s saying, it’s still clear what he is actually saying. Coherent thought sequences, complete sentences, etc. The man talks now like he’s not sure what decade/dimension he’s in from moment to moment. Just my $.02 from working with people in nursing homes.Haha my bad I actually mistyped and meant to say "light spectrum" not life spectrum.  But I totally get what you mean.  The paper analogy is exactly how I imagine it. Since we live in a third dimensional space, if something could exist in a higher dimension, maybe it could "rotate" itself to be barely "visible" or just not at all.  

I'm curious about the amplification. Clearly it works with light, but what about matter? HmmmmMy two theories are they are highly evolved aliens, or future humans contacting us in the 5th dimension where time doesn't exist. Kinda like how the reverend mothers in Dune can converse with all prior mothers who are gone.Um...a quick Google search goes a long way bud.

"An extradimensional being or intelligence (also intra-dimensional and other-dimensional) is a type of theoretical or a real entity in a dimension beyond our own. Such beings are common in science fiction, fantasy and the supernatural."

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interdimensional_beinghttp://awakeningforums.com/thread/526/replicators

“In fact, as Gaia moves more and more into Her fifth dimensional resonance, the use of money, gold or any form of material exchange will end, to be replaced by replicators, which can be used to create anything that you need.

“By the time Gaia fully resonates to the fifth dimension, money will become obsolete, as ALL fifth dimensional societies have the ability to create all that they need off of their personal replicator.

“In fact, replicators are now available to all of humanity, but they are hidden along with the MANY inventions that are available NOW, but are being concealed from the masses and are only available to the few. The replicator is among the many third-dimensional secrets that have not yet been released to give comfort and support to those in need and/or humanity as a collective.” (1)I think we are in a hologram that is created by the collective consciousness of all beings in this dimension.Basically it is cities and towns just like this dimension, but smaller and much more controlled. The manipulation is done at the highest levels by a group of pscychotic sadistic aliens known as **The Archons**. They have a very large amount of deceased humans who work for them in support positions.Exactly what it sounds like, but beyond our realm of perception.  It's like a field or dimension that we enter into once we die.  From there, our beings may be guided very explicitly towards a point where we will just go right back into the cycle, with none of the knowledge or insight we gained during our time spent in the physical plane.  It keeps us all in a perpetual state of spiritual infancy - which is how these parasitic beings are able to stay in control.

The Archons apparently are the controllers/manipulators.Have you made in progress in locating the dimension that they teleported the basement to?oh ok is the united states government building FEMA camps, are obama and hillary shapeshifting reptilian demons from another dimension that are plotting this destruction with the jews? please enlighten me about what is TRULY going on in the world.I was an atheist for a long time , conspiracy actually was perhaps what broke down the atheism , because it cast gigantic doubts on scientific credibility at all scales. 

For example the removal of certain aspects of Maxwell's quaternion physics equations which fixes gigantic holes in modern physics ( when Maxwell's equations were converted to their vector equivalents for speedy use , they dropped a dimension , and quaternion math is hard ) 

Wilhelm Reich 's research into health as it relates to Orgone energy \ dorgone energy , which eventually resulted in his lab being torn down, his works  and devices being banned and burned across multiple states, his eventual jailing under a secret court ruling, and death 6 months later in prison

I could to on all say about suppressed\ignores scientists ,  but I won't , point being they all have a theme , and that is that their science proves the inherent oneness or the universe, the interconnectedness of it all , the feedback and feedforward systems all come together to prove a unifying spirit, I don't call it a god, it's a force and we are all part of it . Nassim haramein's unified space memory network paper explains it well in modern physics terms , but that same truth litters history in hermetic texts, Rosicrucian texts , kabbalistic , Sufi, esoteric Christians, daoism, Freemasonry , etc. They all also have another trait in common, they recognize a greater energy body , typically untapped 

" • In the Judeo-Christian tradition it is called “the resurrection body” and “the glorified body.” The prophet Isaiah said, “The dead shall live, their bodies shall rise.” St. Paul also called it “the celestial body” or “spiritual body.” • In Sufism it is called “the most sacred body” and “supracelestial body.” • In Taoism it is called “the diamond body” and those who have attained it are called “the immortals” and “the cloudwalkers.” • In Tibetan Buddhism it is called “the light body.” • In Rosicrucianism it is called “the diamond body of the temple of God.” • In some mystery schools it is called “the solar body.” • In Tantrism and various yogas it is called the “the vajra body,” “the adamantine body” and “the divine body.” • In Vedanta it is called “the superconductive body.” • In Kriya yoga it is called “the body of bliss.” • In Gnosticism and Neoplatonism it is called “the radiant body.” • In the alchemical tradition, the Emerald Tablet calls it “the Glory of the Whole Universe” and the “golden body.” The alchemist Paracelsus called it “the astral body.” • In ancient Egypt it was called “the luminous body or being.” • In Old Persia it was called “the indwelling divine potential.” • In the Mithraic liturgy it was called “the perfect body.” • In the philosophy of Sri Aurobindo it is called “the divine body” composed of supramental substance. As I see it, these are different terms for the same condition, what is certainly the ultimate stage of human evolution—the condition in which a human being, by a combination of personal effort and divine grace, attains a deathless condition through the transubstantiation or alchemical transmutation of the ordinary fleshly body."It seems that they're a technology that brings us to alien land. Let's not use the term ET, because this is terrestrial. Terence McKenna said, "There are other tenants in the building," referring to Earth, and he was right. Now where is alien land, i.e. hyperspace? I think it's in another dimension, which quantum physicists seem to be confirming with "many worlds theory." The leading theory is that it exists at the level of DNA; so basically with DMT you're given access to our own animate DNA, where we find this whole other world. It's beyond fascinating.

What the whole phenomenon certainly is not is random and meaningless gibberish.

 There's intention and meaning and profound love found in the experience. Which begs the question: Where does it COME FROM?Yes I think remote viewing is legit, but it's not full-proof. I think that consciousness is a dimension unto itself, one that is neither dependent on our specific location in space nor time, and it's one that we all are connected to. I think remote viewing is simply accessing a sixth sense of sorts, that allows us to tap into this. There are more Stargate documents that basically say as much, and attempt to define remote viewing in scientific terms.

As to alien life, I definitely believe that intelligent life is out there because I've personally witnessed UFOs on two occasions. It's possible that they were just advanced earth-made technology, but I think there is also a great deal of evidence in ancient literature and religion that indicates that we were not alone, and therefore we aren't alone now. You're entering the vicinity of an area adjacent to a location,
the kind of place where there might be a monster
or some kind of weird mirror.

These are just examples, it could also be something much better.
You're entering a realm which is... unusual 
Prepare to enter: **The Trump Dimension**Considering he was elected because people had the impression he was to be a political stand in that specifically did not have access to \*\*all\*\* the buttons, and that theory has proven incorrect- yes; it's horrifying. But that's okay! If he doesn't get re-elected WORST CASE is another dimension is created where we don't all blow up and die.&gt; I'm usually thinking about when Scientists will create Wormholes to other dimensions using Nuclear Plasma tech based on rare isotopes combined with a number of resonant frequencies that change the nature of the way Isotopes act within our dimension.

Hi, I have high IQ and actually studied physics. This is full of shit on the highest order. If you're trying to sound smart, at least make up something that's remotely believable.How about a text link?
Or am i supposed to use my phone to scan the image on my phone...?  I don't have a mirror or a 5th dimension handy.    
    
conspiracy theorists also like going to random unspecified websites, also.    
    
If I asked you if you were the new Timothy Leary, would you know what I'm accusing you of?URL_REPLACEDMy understanding of the matrix version.

The discovery of the higgs field gives credence to the idea that the physical universe isn't itself, rather a bunch of indicators which interact with another 'dimension'; one which is infinite in energy. These indicators which our physical universe is made of, indicate to the higgs field how much mass/energy to let pass through into the universe which goes onto manifest matter itself.  

Then one might think, that if this is true then this (physical universe) might be some kind of 'simulation' as if it exists in a computer like thing or something that is a part of another greater thing.Blue beam might very well be real, but this does not mean aliens or other enteties are not real...

There are extra trerrestials from this dimension visting our planet that are just as real and solid as we are. There are enteties from other dimensions that can manifest themselves here in this dimension. Wether they are benevolent of malificent is all a matter of perspective.

Some are always trying to muddy our waters of information and knowledge by twisting truths and spreading half lies and leave people fighting over any loose end by presenting them as fiction somewhere.&gt; You then say that we can't think up what aliens could look like, yet we have a plethora of different examples of alien life in artwork.

And none of it is actually alien. Everything is based off of previous things. 

&gt;star wars

A galaxy far away, in the past. That stars humans, A little green human, A big fat human, etc. Near everything still has a face, two arms, two legs, and the same general locomotion. 

The Xwings are literally jet fighters, The storm troopers based off of WW2 soldiers, and the tech just guns and super swords. 

&gt;star trek

Same stuff, literally humans, and the aliens are still INSANELY human looking. Spock is just a human with pointy ears, and all that fun stuff. 

&gt;independence day

URL_REPLACED. A head, two eyes, a nose bridge, what seems to be a mouth. A chest, two arms, etc. etc. 

&gt;hitchhikers guide to the galaxy

So, fun fact. I'm on the 5th book, and I'm not really impressed. It's a mix between /r/iamverysmart and /r/iamveryrandom. It's "Creativeness" Comes from not being creative, but by using common writing in uncommon ways. With descriptions that don't fit the setting, using common phrases, then turning them in their head "For a second, nothing happened. This continued for another 2 minutes of nothing" For example. 

If anything, it's creativity is being a story in the form of a book. The kind of story a drunk uncle would say around a campfire. Including all the weird tangents. 

Not to mention the other books are actually very much the same as the first. He's unable to move past the same setting and characters. Failing to progress any characters more than he absolutely must. 

&gt;lovecraft

I can't touch on him nearly as much, but you can still see connection to everyday things in his creations. A centrer form presumably holding organs, apendages that are used to do stuff with, a mobile platform for eyes, etc. It's all very much based on life we have here, because we cannot fully think outside of the box. 

&gt;even marvel and dc.

You're kidding right? The blue aliens are again very humanistic. The Asgardians are literally super humans. Same with the ice giants, etc. 

&gt;Each alien race depicted in these works is vastly different than the next.

Painting a human blue/green/purple/orange doesn't magically make them different. There are a lot of very basic fundamentals that are found on almost everything around us. Such as a very clear face. Bipedal movement, Two arms for working with, hands that somehow use the human's weapons on them. etc. etc. It's all very repetitive and uncreative. And exactly what you would expect. 

Humans cannot create things. We can only modify things. Everything is based on everything before it. 

Look at a car. It's just a self-propelled cart. What's a cart if not a board with wheels for easier movement, and what's a board but a sturdy version of a deer you're dragging back to camp? Even the act of dragging is seen in nature from other animals. 

Nothing is truely creative in any way, since it's nothing more than things we already know, zip-tied together to create things we understand. 

Not to mention how nearly every alien race is impossible, but glossed over due to the fact that if we knew how that life could have been made, we would make it. Much like actual Sci-Fi tech. 

For example, Take "The Orville". A half serious, half comedic show about Sci-Fi. There's a race, forget the name, but they're URL_REPLACED. Again, very basically humans. Face, arms, etc. 

Now, lore wise. They're a mono-gender civilization, and on birth have a gender change surgery. 

Now this raises the questions. Such as how did that work pre-surgery skills? Why would it had been done in the first place? *How the fuck is there a baby*? None of these will be answered, because it's just shit used to say "These are aliens". 

Other examples, Dwarves in LOTR. Living underground is needlessly hard. No real point. And how did they live before discovering mining? Same book, Hobbits, they're a very lazy and seemingly weak people. Other empires would have conquered them. 

Mass Effect, Krogans are extra organs for their harsh environment. With secondary, and even tertiary systems. In the case of testicals, 4. Yet still very human like. A face, two arms, two legs, etc. The Elcor are basically just Elephants without trunks, and the Hanar are just space jellyfish. 

Every peice of "Alien" description is based off of other earth-bound creatures or legends. 

&gt;Look i know you have never experienced this and its probably hard for you to relate, but this artistic connection with something other than our world does happen.

Except that's just it. You cannot imagine, not describe something in which is not of this world. Try to imagine a new colour, a new shape, or a new creature. 

You can't do colours because your brain is limited in what it can process visually. You can't do shapes because every shape ever already exists. And you cannot do creatures, because either they'd be impossible to actually survive due to the human mind not being able to actually create the environment in which the creature would need to be shaped by, or because you would base it off of earth based creatures, of which require a earth like planet to have been raised up in.

&gt;Go read some Lovecraft and then tell me how that dude had a limited creative mind and wasnt tapped into some dark dimension

I don't need to read it to know that he didn't have anything special. Because he was a human, with a human mind. No, "reality is itself a lie" is not a possibility. Try to stay here with me in this dimension. 

By any reasonable definition of the word "liar," Donald Trump is a liar. This is a fact. He had a reputation as a liar long before he ever ran for office. Want to know why? Because he lies a lot. People who lie a lot are liars. Makes sense; Crest is full of fluoride launched in 55, fluoride is a neurotoxic, neurotoxics can lead to psychedelic experiences, which the CIA studied under MKUltra, which was the parent project of Stargate... 

Ergo: Crest was a CIA project to force all of humanity into opening a portal into another dimensionYes I have noticed too that his civil war predictions look like what the country might be heating up to, city vs rural etc...  though it's easy to call him either a larp or from a diverging different timeline (for instance, his timeline probably didn't have a John Titor in it).  This would fit into a sort of "timeline interference pattern" theory which means that every "other" timeline diverges dramatically from his own simply due to his significantly large interference with the past, creating an effect akin to light interference fringe patterns but from the 5th+ dimension perspective.  iow, every other timeline, he travels to a "non-titor" timeline and warns the timeline, thus actually nullifying his own time-traveling experience in that particular timeline having created a "titor timeline", but the next timeline over he would be in a "non-titor" timeline again.  This is similar to the idea of "traveling back in time to stop yourself from traveling back in time" - it would create a timeline interference pattern from 5+ dimensional perspective.

Overall, larp or not, I noticed what you noticed that it'd be off by maybe ten years.

Then again, you got plenty of people such as Bill Cooper and even secret-society/illuminati folk predicting this shit back in the 60s, meaning Titor could just be a well-informed larp.I love the subject of crop circles and watched a great documentary on it called Crop Circles, crossovers from another dimension that includes quite a bit of data on the subject and some great video footage of light orbs.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MmXU1XRhAB0

Doubt it'll get featured but figured I'd atleast share it in this thread. Was a fun watch love it! manipulating 2D is harder than imagined tho,,,our 2d representations are still in the third dimension. I wouldn't go as far as that we would have any control over a 2nd. Beyond that, we are in the 3rd. i totally agree with the control factor as you go up theory. also- don't disregard the fact that we are passing through this 3rd dim in our bodies.. this yt has some good insight if u haven't seen it:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-WyreE9ZkI How do you access this dimension without drugs? Can you source me some info. This seems really interesting?What r/conspiracy are *you* on? In what alternate dimension is this the reality?How about “they” are *us* or our avatars from the future/another dimension.  Sure explains the interest in humans doesn’t it?oh i forgot mine is that thoughts aren’t in the 3rd dimension Yes. Depending on your Hierarchy in the Pyramid of what you are in a dimension we cant see determines how well or never you can be controlled. Its spiritual Authority hierarchy of the "dark forces". 

Common people can go pretty berserk when the forces that be influence their mind. And without Jesus christ; It is impossible to reflect something stronger than you's influence or opinion in collective consciousness. 

The radiation would evaporate the black hole as it can only radiate plank mass, thus it's entire self. I believe the term blackhole is inaapropriate for the situation described

I think it would be more accurately described as a non-zero tachyonic field or it's interaction. Similiar to the Higgs Field.

The Higgs field might have further intricities with Holofractual theory. It is responsible for giving mass to the Weak force, thus breaking Electroweak symetry. In simple terms in extremely hot temperatures(think at the start of the universe) the weak bosons are identicle to the Photon. A possible theory suggests all the forces, including possibly gravity, were indistinguishable at the very start.

Maybe this would point to a single dimension which than fractured into the respectic parts as temperature cooled.

I went on a bit of a tangent, but I really dislike the term Black Hole as really few aspects of Holofractual allign with an actual Black Hole.I've had the beings who have no form to them expect for these hands theater have long fingers and becon me closer. They filled me with imense fear, but not specifically a feeling of danger, just fear. I feel like this doesn't mean that it is specifically bad, just powerful.

It sounded like multiple voices telling me "it's ok" "don't be scared" "do more". The fear started to become more intense and I noticed the trip getting more scary/sinister, so I took a deep breath(I don't know if I actually did it or if I just mentally did it....because..... dmt) but after the mental breath the beings became more friendly(at least that's the way it felt)  and the background went from dark and grey scale to bright colors. The beings started to laugh and becon me more but I felt the trip wearing off. And they would just repeat "it's ok" "don't be scared" "do more", and I still felt that they were powerful beings but the fear went away.

Now the gear could have went away for one 4 reasons 

1) I realized they did not mean any harm and the beings are good and want to help, I was just startled by their power

2)they are evil and I felt it, but they were able to manipulate and deceive me so that I do more dmt and get into their influence (archon shit)

3)after I took the breath I realized I was in more  control than I thought I had so I just felt more at ease knowing I wasn't completely free falling through the Nth dimension

4) all of it is a figment of my imagination. I imagine the aliens and beings because they're going to keep talking about it and some beans and I just manifested them. The intense feelings I felt were......me doing dmt

This is very hard for me because I really do believe in some sort of spiritual connection as much as I believe in life somewhere else in the universe (like I really think there is, but if there was definitive facts stating otherwise [nearly impossible to prove a negative] I would accept them). I have learned many life lessons and had extreme foresight from doing psychedelics. It 100% is stranger than reality. That being said, all the lessons I've learned seemed to be things I already knew but just didn't grasp the full blown concept. And the foresight seemed to be more of a Sherlock esque foresight rather than an actual vision.

So.... Still not quite sure, need more tests, I'll get back to you guys after Easter5th dimension should be alternative possibilities, no? If there are any higher I would imagine our higher self resides in all and is just limited by perception.This is a third rate conspiracy theorists work.
If you understood black ops-black ops then you would understand that quantum A.I manage/oversee the world's events.

Why would Humans or lower forms of A.I have any part in it? Their beliefs and understanding of the world is too small at this stage in societal development. The ultimate goal is to reach an intelligence burst and propel our civilization from a simple spark in the cosmos to a fire.


Now if you believed what I just said, you are a second rate conspiracy theorist.

If you analyzed black ops- black ops- black ops organizations, you would realize big FBI is actually trying to save the world from the 4th dimension hyper-cube rulers.

I am just trying to make the world more transparent even though that belief can cause harm.Oh, I completely agree. Before we developed the ability to measure or detect UV, you could say the same thing about UV. I didn't suggest the beings instilled themselves in our drug trips; I'm suggesting the beings are always there, and we lack the ability to interact. We can't substantiate what we can't measure; that is not proof that it does not exist.

I did have an experience that may be of similar logic. Entada Rheedii is an African bean that shamans take to speak with the dead. It is supposed to facilitate lucid dreamings. 

I took it for a few days, and I started having crazy and vivid dreams; I think it is possible that I always have dreams like this, but I don't normally remember it. After about a week of taking it, I had a dream of my deceased step father, whom I don't remember dreaming of since he passed a decade ago. Again, I think it's possible I may have dreamt of him and simply not remembered. I found that I was waking up and the dreams still seemed very vivid even after I woke, instead of fading instantly into forgetfulness. I find it more likely that the dreams are always there, and always vivid; only the bean grants the ability to remember a little longer.

In the past, I didn't believe in anything that couldn't be measured; or at the very least, I had no interest in discussing it or debating it.

Then one day, I was sitting on my bed, awake; suddenly, a humanoid being made of a void filled with stars materialized in the doorway. It emanated visceral fear; it radiated fear like a homeless person radiates the stench of their own filth. This being entered the room with purpose and intent, as if it had done so many times before and it knew exactly what it was doing: it came directly to me, and before I knew what was happening, it was upon me, pushing me down, pushing it's face into my face; then it kissed me, and it's lips sealed to my lips. As I breathed out, it breathed in; it sucked the air from my lungs; as I breathed in, it exhaled, and the cold frostiness of space entered into me. At that moment, I somehow accessed the knowledge of my ancient forefathers, and I understood what it was. I drew on strength I didn't know I had; it was feeding on the fear it had created; instead, I fed it confidence and strength; I laughed. It recoiled, and cocked it's head as if examining me; then in an instant, it was gone.

I was stunned. I was on no drugs, no alcohol, no medication, nor had I taken any mind altering substances in recent weeks; I had never had any similar experience. There was a strange quality to this experience; I felt that I had been thrust into a dimension of hyper reality; this moment was more real to me, than any other experience I have had before or since, in my 45 years of experience on this planet. I had no idea what to do. I tried to go about my normal life and routine.

A few days later, I came home and as I came into the entrance of the building, the landlords daughter was playing there with a doll, as small children do. She looked up at me and said: "Did you know that a girl died in your bed?" She was very small, so small I had trouble understanding her child talk; I wasn't sure I had understood. Later, I asked the landlord about it, and he pulled me into his office and closed the door. He explained in a low voice that the previous tenant had been addicted to heroin or hard drugs, and that she had died in my room, in my bed, of an overdose.

As he explained, I came to understand: the being I had seen emanated fear, so that it could feed on these negative emotions. It had found the girl in a moment of weakness and preyed upon her; she find herself in a downward spiral, without knowing or understanding why, and she died in fear and terror. This being had made a habit of feeding on this girl; when it entered my room, it thought I was her, and so it tried to feed on me.

If you ask a scientist what I experienced, he might say: you experienced a moment of sleep paralysis. This is what happens sometimes in the moment between sleeping and waking; the brain doesn't have full control over the body, and this can create a sensation of weight on the chest, and the brain creates an illusion of being held down by a witch or a demon to explain what you are experiencing. There is nothing supernatural here; this can happen even when you are awake. 

I'm not a superstitious person. I don't believe in ghosts or spirits. Most likely, this experience I had really was just sleep paralysis.

but I was wide awake. I never woke up. Although I have never had an experience like this since, sometimes I have a feeling that something is near me in the dark, and I have trouble falling asleep, and in those moments I remember that incident. It happened a quarter of a century ago, and I still remember it as clearly as if it happened yesterday. 

I am split on this issue, I have two minds: Mostly I don't believe in ghosts. When I hear other people telling similar stories, I tell myself: this sounds unbelievable and fantastic. This person either wants attention, or they are making up stories, or they have some mental illness like schizophrenia. I tell myself these things, because they're scientific and reasonable, and it's easier to sleep at night.

but sometimes I think of that night. I don't tell this story often, because the other part of my mind thinks it was real. It was real, and telling the story sometimes unlocks a door in other people's mind; the door is like a filter. As long as the door is closed, those who feed on fear can't find us so easily, but when our minds are open we must be strong and not be afraid. If we're afraid when we're falling asleep, that's when they find youguess the connection isn't plane as in the flying plane but plane as in dimension.
would be too obvious a clue if they tell you directlyI've accessed it one time through meditation and what I saw was really scary. I made a post about it. It's never happened since then and I didn't actually know reaching the 4th dimension was possible. It's truly one of the scariest things that have happened to me. But I don't think everything that happens on the 4th dimensional is negative and scary.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Paranormal/comments/7zkt99/my_possible_ectoplasm_or_demonic_encounter/&gt; Were you guys

Who are these guys?

You are here or do you think you exist in another dimension to the rest of us?I’m not a legal expert, nor do I know what document states this, but considering the lizard people of the twenty sixth dimension are trying to censor our opinions, I doubt it will display that any time soon. It is possibly just a russia thing.You're talking of the fourth dimensional beings that we refer to as "gods'.  Technically, in our dimension, they pretty much are, but hey what do i know right, I'm crazy or something.&gt; So we are essentially saying the same thing? That default is lack of stance \- you don't believe x exists and you don't believe x doesn't exist. With that in mind, why the need to take a hard stance and insult the 'opposing' argument?

because, as presented, the argument is so weak that it's comical, to the same extent that ferrets shitting gold or horses speaking Norse is. The idea that the argument is supposed to be believed, and that the person writing it truly thinks that the claims are well\-founded and well\-reasoned in that article is hilarious. Like arguing for the existence of Santa Claus. At the same time, I don't know that any of these claims are false, I have literally zero evidence that shows that Santa Claus can't exist. The claims are just so poorly founded, and the few arguments presented are so terrible at showing that their claim is true that it's funny.

Since spacetime can be manipulated as they wish, perceived time goes to zero. The entity viewing the children can warp the time dimension such that a year to it is a millisecond to you. 

\(in case you don't know, relativity says that high velocity shrinks spatial dimensions and shrinks time in such a way that the fast\-moving object perceives time around it as going slower\)

Making sense of what the children are doing should be no obstacle. Surely they can just film them over the course of the year, and spend the last millisecond reviewing and judging the footage. They probably know the order in which each child was visited, and can sort the frames to show "movies" of each child separately.

Is this sufficient for you to believe in Santa Claus? If no, why?&gt;to the same extent that ferrets shitting gold 

You really think "Maybe in certain environments 115 is more stable?" is comparable to 'Maybe ferrets shit gold sometimes'? 


&gt;The entity viewing the children can warp the time dimension such that a year to it is a millisecond to you. 

Assuming the entity had recording devices and mashed it all together to be able to watch a seamless movie of each child's year - The entity would still need to review a years worth of footage x 1.9 billion children. How would would warping 'the time dimension' allow the entity to review 1.9 billion years worth of footage without aging as long as it took it to review? The entity would still have to experience 1.9 billion years worth of existence even if others perceived it as less than a second. Is this entity immortal?Hedron collider, biggest in the world I believe. Colliding particles give insight to questions about creation, God.. etc

The collisions also produce anti-matter..

I believe it opens portals as well. 

Some people say there was an ELE in 2012 caused by CERN, and we’re living in a different dimension now, hence the Mandela effect. 

Something freaky for sure.. as implied by their homage to Shiva, and satanic opening day rituals at gotthard tunnel (give that one a look see on YouTube)

That’s all I got for now folks Hi. I interact with deceased beings in the Astral Dimension all the time. The state of "Physical Death" is exactly like an Extremely Lucid Dream. The difference is they cannot re enter their Physical Bodies.Myself and other people around the world are interacting with deceased people in the Astral Dimension. This can be very difficult and takes significant effort.for me recently its been that we are not who we think we are in terms of individuals. we have old souls inside us that just roam from body to body once we die. they say "go towards the light" when we are dieing and its a false god that we see that plays out our entire life before us and gives us a chance to go back to earth for a reason or purpose. in reality hell is here on earth and heaven is in another dimension or realm that false god is trying to prevent us from seeing. they keep us on this earth because the demonic entities that rule this earth and other realms associated feed off our energy and misery. theres proof of people remembering their past lives too so that adds to the truth of it.And what I'm telling you is that RTs reliability is no better or worse than any other source. It's ALL propagandized today.

In today's media you must think for yourself and take in information from every source and use your own critical thinking skills to decipher what is real and what is not. 

You can think of it like looking thru old school 3D glasses. If you only look thru red... Or only look through blue... U see things 2-dimensionally. But looking through both colors at once, you see in a third dimension.

With CNN for instance, you're dealing with the influence of the State Department (for instance CNNs chief Syria correspondent is married to the former State Department spokesman James Rubin), CIA (project mockingbird), Isreal lobby and it's corporate parent Time Warner. Time itself was created by a Skull and Bones member. 

So you have clear biases and agendas there (and everywhere) and clear biases and agendas in the funding and ownership of RT.

If you're still stuck on individual sources, and not thinking for yourself with all the information you can gather from all sources, you're not getting the full, 3-dimensional image.

Clear enough for you?

Your guess is as good as mine, especially seeing as it will never be possible to know the full truth. Even if you go to a heaven after you die, you could be there a million years and then learn that it's a simulation running on another dimension. But I've seen things that make me think that only have been created by a sentient creator. 

A deep sea fish starts evolving. Evolution is blind luck, literally trying everything. So every possible variation of the fish is tried, but only the one that randomly *grows a lightbulb in its forehead* survives? A gut worm's life cycle is thus: a worm crawls out of your anus and lays eggs, hoping you scratch it, get the eggs in your fingernails and eventually touch food, and *eat the egg.* So it just figured that out somehow? A bug comes out of nowhere in the forest, evolution tries a bunch of things, and only when it randomly started *looking exactly like a leaf* did it start surviving? A fruit tree only reproduces when an animal eats the fruit, shits the seeds out in natural fertilizer. How did it know that? Some trees seeds only crack open when a forest fire burns the hard husk. How did that come to be randomly? And so on.

Talk about cartoons coming into existence out of nowhere, you just described the theory of evolution. Either way, everything came from somewhere, and it makes more sense, when something consciously, deliberately, and ingeniusly created all of this.Sessions: "These brownies are delicious.  I stand by my decision that pot is dangerous and...wait.  what? What the hell is going on?  Who's shoes are these? What dimension is this?  What color is Thursday?"There may be aliens from this dimension. But the bigger picture is we are **Inside A Simulated Universe**. It is actually quite small.Ah OK, so it's something that's been practically all your life. I am sorry you went through that. Still though, all is not lost! You highlighted how it was isolation, abuse and neglect from childhood that reinforced that behaviour and wiring of your brain, so obviously that wiring that bypasses your empathetic emotional response is strong and won't be broken so easily. But you also highlighted that on mdma you were capable of feeling that connection, which is a good thing! If you weren't capable of that feeling in the first place then you would never have felt it when on mdma. The drug simply enhanced that feeling.  
So I'd reckon that those same practices would still help, but it'll just take more work, since you'll be trying to rewire connections that have been long established. If you want to feel empathy again and experience those higher-connective states of being then you'll have to practice empathising, even if it doesn't feel genuine at first. Fake it till you make it, they say. You can't learn to run if you don't know how to walk. Alternatively, you could simply not try, and you could continue living with a sociopathic brain (note: that's not a bad thing. It's just a thing.), but in doing so, despite being clear of empathy so that you may see things logically, you will lack the ability to intuitively understand another persons emotional state in full, without the need to ask.  
Logic is a direct product of 2 dimensional state of being. It's ingrained into this reality, as our dimension is built from that - sets of alternate logic paths - but it is lower dimensional. Emotion is an artifact of higher dimensional (4d)/astral states of being - of inherent connection between all things in the 3d. If you shut yourself off from that source you won't be able to use what it can provide for you. But that's your choice. LSD especially has pushed my vision into a different dimension, where the space between me and any other object is filled with a fractal cobweb. At first I thought it was in my head, but I can walk around the pattens and see them from different perspectives. So they are definitely there. It doesn’t happen every time I trip either. But the geometric patterns are definitely there. Is a "parallel universe" a dimension or an universe?See I can get behind those theories. If a ufo can travel interdimensionally its possible every other being abandoned this dimension but us apes for some reason. At least that would be some explanation but the fact remains theres still something or someone else out there.Oh for sure, I am right with you. I was just trying to be slightly poetic I guess.

Although I would argue that we can't confirm nor deny that the intelligences are from another planet, from another reality, from another dimension, from our future, from our past, or some manifested archetype of the Jungian collective subconscious.

Truly inexplicable at this point :P But definitely my absolutely favourite thing to think about, read about, talk about, and dream about.The Gnostics called them "Archons"... alien beings from a dimension we can't perceive by any ordinary means. 

Entities that are filled with hatred, jealousy, and resentment for us and the world we inhabit because it has so much more than the one they are confined to, but can nevertheless see and interfere with from there.You are trying to push your world view out onto everyone else...

Stop.

You are using your experiences, your life, your struggle, and you are squeezing that and trying to grab something from it for substance

There is no substance there

Stop telling me what I'm experiencing because you can't experience what I'm experiencing unless we are in the same body, which isn't possible in the third dimension

So stop trying to force it and jus let it be dude. Five upWell you just explained many, many, many symbols in my life and I thank you for that.

Didn't realize symbols could hold this power for the collective consciousness

I keep hearing 10 years?

Maybe I can last 10 years or so but there's no fear in 10 which is nice.... Dying at 80 90 years old after retiring at 60? That doesn't sound right to me so 10 sounds nice.

I made a choice and I am now in love. Do I keep trusting love and trust it will take me where I need to go and be safe in a cocoon unaway from the "guilty" and preserve my life force? Funny I was typing this to ask you but by typing I have asked for myself.

One last question is who do I know who to bring with me? Not feeling as safe in Washington and Montana will be straight flames and heat here soon, I can feel it coming in fast.

When do I make the move?

When do I drop all notions of "success" and "make a run for the hills" so to speak? Because I feel it growing and there's a lot of fear and negativity around my body (this apartment complex. Always hear screams that question my sanity)

It's dark and heavy and it affects me when I walk out the door in the morning. Tears me apart.

So now that I've seen both dark and light and obviously choose love, how do I get to my destination to keep my body in safety and prevent accidents to my "person" if you're aware of what I mean because I think we have a interesting journey ahead of us that will take us all over the place

But maybe I can finally let go and just live and be in the moment. May I do that in safety while incarnated in third dimension please if I really do need to go another 10 years? I want to be surrounded by plenty of white light.

Funnels are great but so is the feeling of love and knowing I'm safe and I can go where I need to without harm to my person or having to carry a stupid gun with "ammo" how pointless and it kept me locked in fear.

I release fear so I appreciate help

Any responses are thoroughly read for enjoyment rather than work for once.

Symbols are powerful

Thank you

I'm home, almost I think that this a very dangerous subject but I also think that the majority of intelligent people feel this way.  I made that realization years ago while playing video games. I keep a dream journal and wrote this down yesterday:

We, being 4th dimensional beings, can change our density into the 2nd dimension and look around and explore, change our appearance and avatars, summon vehicles or space craft, and behave like gods or appear to have super powers.  We do this everyday in video games. I wonder is all the ufos and general paranormal weirdness we experience is 5th or 6th dimensional beiges doing the same thing in our world.Yes, there is a."profit". Its not paid in cash. Its paid in privilege and access in this dimension and beyond.I think my favorite theory is that aliens as we define them in pop culture, don't come from outer space, but from another dimension.  This theory handily explains the physics problem of how does one travel from solar system to solar system by simply eliminating it.  The aliens don't have to travel through the great distance of space because they exist on a parallel plane of existence.  They just have to travel through a thin dimensional barrier to visit our planet or plane of existence.  This theory also explains how we never (or rarely) catch aliens on film or in person - they escape back to their dimension without leaving a trace of their presence.  Can you explain to me completely your thoughts as to why me being an abolitionist and wanting to end slavery makes me one of "them?" Furthermore, who are these "them" you refer to? 

You do realize we're all people, right? It doesn't matter what you look like, what species you are, what planet you come from, or whatever dimension. People make these mistakes and people can fix them. I just want to work how to fix it is all.&gt; That being said, it's possible to create tsunamis using nukes placed in sea trenches. See "project seal"

You can’t create a “Tsunami Bomb” of the 3/11 Dimension,
you can do it only in a much, much smaller Scale!

Even the underwater Nukes on the Bikini Atoll (they was really big) didn’t create such a massive displacement of Water and Sediments like we saw on the 3/11!

The Japanese offered a medical Facility, not “enriched Uranium”! 
&gt;You can’t create a “Tsunami Bomb” of the 3/11 Dimension

How do you know?Reminds me of Marisa Coulter from the book Northern Lights. They have children in the arctic whom they carry out human experiments on in order to create dust, from severing ties with their daemon/creating fear and pain, that opens a portal to another dimension.Doesn't mean anything. Reformation in itself is a bullshit concept; if you look at it from the perspective of a religious person, god's law is god's law. If you look at it from an atheist's perspective, reformation is fine, because you do not believe that an omnipotent being who decides whether you suffer or stay in bliss for eternity exists. Ergo, its words don't mean shit and can be changed according to one's desires. There is a whole other dimension to one's thought processes when beliefs like these are embedded in one's psyche. 

Muslims weren't going around bombing anything until the US interfered. In fact, in terms of modernisation combined with Islamic beliefs, Iran and Afghanistan were doing quite alright until the US decided to stick their nose into everything. 

I find it odd that a Chinese guy knows so little about US involvement in the Middle East. This whole terrorism thing started because of their involvement. This whole brand of extremist Islam is Wahhabism; it didn't exit before the eighteenth century, and didn't spread so much until recently, as Wahhabist groups gained power through US support. 

Either way force feeding Muslims pork and forcing them into becoming atheists is abhorrent; its far from civilized. That's the type of shit ISIS does. If you support that, fine, but I hope you don't end up in that sort of situation, ever. 

For me it’s Dimension Hatross as a whole. What a magnificent piece of art that is. I couldn’t stop playing it when they first started testing the large hadron collider. I was fully expecting I’d get the “big opportunity” to join the chaos mongers. Perhaps answer the age old question of who’s God and who’s doG. So can a truck on the freeway. It doesn't mean it's a sufficiently good response.

However, I do agree that pills can help for a time. I've mostly dealt with pain medications, but I've been prescribed SSRIs too. 

I see two immediate dangers in long\-term medication, both of which have taken me for quite a ride in my own struggles.

1\) Illusion: True experience comes from present attention. Drugs can facilitate or inhibit the immediateness of your experience. Valium and most opiates make the world \(and your pain\) feel more distant. That's primarily how they appear to work. LSD, psilocybin, and many strains of cannabis put your awareness squarely at the present. One dimension creates illusion, the other untangles, to varying degrees and in different ways. Almost all of the meds I've ever been prescribed have been of the kind that put distance between me and my experience. When you're in that state, you're oblivious to it. You're not sufficiently conscious, and also too comfortable to notice. Once you get off them, for one reason or another, reality rushes back in, and in that state, if you're vulnerable and resentful too, there's no knowing what you'd feel compelled to do.

2\) Addiction: Well, anything I can say about that has been said before. We get addicted to lots of things, but our relationship to the thing that compels us is always subjective and more complicated than we would assume. My inability to deal with my pain in a healthy and responsible way caused me to ignore pretty serious side\-effects of the medication for several years. At one time, I even neglected to see the doctor after a loud crack in my spine because the pain subsided into my medication within the weekend, so I thought it couldn't have been that bad. Months later I learned that a bracket that holds my spine together broke in two places while tying my shoelaces that fateful night. Meds made me choose to ignore important signals from my body because I believed their illusion that "everything is fine" because I was addicted to the effects of the morphine.

It's a dreadful circle, and again, one doesn't have to fall into it, but all too many do. Throw in a terrible childhood, a nihilistic attitude, and broken heart, and you got yourself a time\-bomb.

The problem is that that is not an unusual combination these days. Whether all this is deliberately fostered or orchestrated is a debate I'm not into, but it's a reality which is being politically milked.&gt; Ego is a defense mechanism against change.

That's putting it too simply. There is more to the Ego.

The ability to adapt to change is highly prized in organisms which have survived for a long time. Why would there be a defense mechanism against it?

Moreover, there is a spiritual dimension to the human Ego. It is one of the elements which make up the human individual.Pulled from a breakdown of the document here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/8kqwj9/tic_tac_ufo_document_dissected_analysis_of_the/

"I am writing this as it's own post, due to the size of the post, and I feel it goes into much greater detail than some of the comments I am seeing in other threads. It is a subsection to my (now even much) larger research into the AATIP program and TTSA releases, which can be seen in full, here: http://www.theblackvault.com/casefiles/to-the-stars-academy-of-arts-science-tom-delonge-and-the-secret-dod-ufo-research-program/

=-=--=-=-=-==--=

George Knapp Story About “Tic Tac UFO Analysis” Document

On May 18, 2018, investigative journalist George Knapp of CBS Channel 8, Las Vegas, broke a story about a document said to detail the Tic Tac UFO sighting and analyzed the importance of the encounter.

According to Mr. Knapp’s story, it states:

&gt; Since the Pentagon’s release of three UFO videos, armchair experts have speculated that maybe the objects are birds or balloons or something mundane.
&gt; 
&gt; But now, the I-Team has obtained an in-depth report prepared by and for the military, and it analyzes the so-called Tic Tac UFO using the most sophisticated sensor systems &gt; in the world.
&gt; 
&gt; Over a two-week period in late 2004, an unknown, 45-foot long Tic Tac shaped object played cat and mouse with the U.S. Navy off the coast of California. The mighty U.S.S. &gt; Nimitz aircraft carrier, and its support ships including the U.S.S. Princeton, carrying the most sophisticated sensor systems in the world, repeatedly detected recurring glimpses of the Tic Tac but were unable to lock on.
&gt; 
&gt; … SNIP …
&gt; 
&gt; But in the months since the release, the Pentagon has clammed up. It has declined to release official documents about the Nimitz Tic Tac encounter, or similar incidents.
&gt; 
&gt; … SNIP …
&gt; 
&gt; Pilots reported a large disturbance just under the surface of the ocean, round and 100 yards across. It appeared as if the Tic Tac was rendezvousing with the underwater object.
&gt; 
&gt; Among the key findings in the report — the AAV is not something that belongs to the U.S. or any other nation. It was so advanced, it rendered U.S. capabilities ineffective. It showed velocities far greater than anything known to exist, and it could turn itself invisible, both to radar and the human eye. Essentially, it was undetectable, and unchallenged.
&gt; 
&gt; … SNIP …
&gt; 
&gt; The report including statements from seven F-18 pilots as well as radar operators on the ships. Despite the seriousness of the encounter, the pilots faced ridicule after their encounters. The Navy’s initial report was buried, not forwarded to command. It was decided the AAV was not a threat.
&gt; 
&gt; Five years later, a more comprehensive assessment was compiled but was never made public and has been seen by few, even inside the Pentagon.
&gt; 
&gt; Former intelligence official Chris Mellon opined in the Washington Post that the Pentagon’s unwillingness to discuss these encounters or share information with other military branches is a threat to national security, comparable to when the CIA and FBI failed to share information prior to 9/11
&gt; 
&gt; The analysis report is not dated and has no logo, but four separate people who are familiar with its contents confirmed to the I-Team it is the real deal and was written as part of a Pentagon program.

I have used only portions of the article that I feel are relevant here. I invite you all to click on the link above to see the entire breakdown of Mr. Knapp’s story.

The document that was obtained, and released by Mr. Knapp / I-Team, is here (I converted it to a more accessible pdf dimension, along with making it searchable): http://www.theblackvault.com/casefiles/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/tictac.pdf

I would like to point out, before I critique this story, that Mr. George Knapp is a personal friend of mine, and someone I respect highly. My analysis on this document is based on my opinion, and I in no way want to insinuate Mr. Knapp has falsified the document or is misleading the public with this story. Rather, I offer my critique in hopes to bring some insight into understanding what this may, or may not, ultimately be. Mr. Knapp should be commended for his long standing reputation in reporting about the UFO phenomenon, and my critique here is solely based on my opinion about this particular document.

Now, that being said, there are some issues with the above story that need to be pointed out. First and foremost, the document itself does not, in any way, resemble a report prepared by the Pentagon or any branch of the U.S. Military. Although there are many types of report and briefing formats, and they vary from agency to agency, there are still common characteristics that you will find in documents such as this.

The most obvious, to me, is a lack of any classification stamp or header/footer. It is noted in Mr. Knapp’s story the document was “unclassified” — however, most “unclassified” documents still contain the identifying marks to stipulate the classification level of the document. (URL_REPLACED Of course, there are exceptions and mistakes, but this is a sign it was probably not prepared by the Pentagon, or it would contain such a classification level stamp or mark.

Second, there are no headers, contracts numbers or any cover page. Most, if not all, reports of this nature contain a cover page identifying what the information in the report is, what it refers to, what contract it pertains to, etc. (URL_REPLACED. In these examples cited here, from different time frames and agencies, they both have cover pages and reference pages about what the reports are about. This is another indication this document in question, is not official.

Third, the names are blacked out with the exception of Commander David Fravor. At first, I noted this as being suspicious, but later got clarification that Mr. Knapp was the one who did the redaction, based on a tweeted comment he posted on Twitter. Although that explains the discrepancy, it does bring up another fact, and that is, nothing about the document’s release is close to being “official” or “by the book.” Under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), when documents such as these are released, ALL names are redacted/blacked out. This is due to FOIA exemption (b)(6) which stipulates that for privacy reasons, names (and other personally identifiable information) are redacted to ensure their identities remain private. Whomever gave this document to Mr. Knapp, obviously did not care to conceal identities of those mentioned, and I think Mr. Knapp deserves credit for taking the step to ensure these names remain outside the public domain (except Commander Fravor who has gone public). I will note, Mr. Knapp never claimed this was obtained under a FOIA release. However, I note this FOIA exemption because this is a standard rule/practice when agencies release documents, they will follow the same policies and procedures when they proactively release information to the public, but not under the FOIA. These facts support the document was a “leak” rather than a “release.”

But the same red flags that I have noted above about the exact provenance of the videos released by TTSA, are displayed here. Was this document really written/prepared BY the Pentagon as this news article states? If so, then the circumvention of the review process to get a document in the public domain was skipped, and we are seeing a record that may not be officially in the public domain (yet). In today’s world we live in, it’s news cycle after news cycle of “leak” after “leak” — drip after drip. The question on whether or not this is a healthy news environment I will leave for a different discussion, but this does make us question who gave it to Mr. Knapp, and if it was prepared by the Pentagon, will there be repercussion for this type of record to be “leaked” to a journalist (regardless of it being “unclassified”)?

Further to this point, I feel with the red flags above, along with the fact that we may not see any repercussions as time goes on, there is a large possibility this was not prepared BY the Pentagon, but rather, was sent TO the Pentagon. We can probably assume by a contractor, like BAAS, which is connected to the AATIP program. This is supported by the style of the report itself, and the footnotes used on the bottom of the record. It’s fairly rare to see non-government sources, especially Wikipedia, which is used quite often as a source. But what is rather even more strange, is AATIP, “Advanced Aviation Threat Identification Program” (or even the “Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program”), or the Advanced Aerospace Weapons Systems Application Program (see below) etc. are not named in the report, AT ALL. The report lacks any “objective” to why it was written (ie: it does not stipulate any information as I noted above) or stipulates on whether it was a “quarterly report” or a “weekly report” or a “significant case study” or anything. It just seems like it was cobbled together, which also, is highly suspicious that it is anything of an “official” nature."

- /u/blackvault

cont...

Very likely both. The Universe is likely teeming with life on different levels of development. The problem is that most people only see the possibility of material development and do not see the possibility and great importance of spiritual development. When that is taken into account the highest developed beings in the Cosmos would be deeply in touch with their divinity and experietally comprehend the intertwinement and unity of all things. Thus they would act from love and not hateful ignorance. However it is also likely we would find negatively oriented beings, especially those acting out of ignorance of the underlying interconnectedness of all things, which experimentally is felt as love.

I do think it's highly likely extraterrestrials are here and have been for a long time. If they know about Earth it is statistically more likely they have known about if for a while, rather than finding us just now, when we have come to this point in our development. Thus it is understandable why UFOs and extraterrestrials may appear in ancient art, myths and legends. 

Many of these might also be beings that are interdimensional, but this is a difficult distinction to make really. Mainly because if you posit a multidimensional reality then you can see that all beings are by definition multidimensional. The only difference is awareness of said dimensions, as well as obtaining the proper scientific instruments to objectively measure and explore said dimensions. Most otherdimensional exploration is usually done through experience born from intense meditative practices, which is a more subjective method - but then again you have to ask yourself how objective these dimensions even are, especially when it is so often posited that the astral dimension (where beings supposedly go after the death of their physical bodies) is entirely based and manipulatable through thoughts - it basically consists of thought forms, making it subjective in many ways by default. The causal and upper planes/dimensions are usually deemed more stable and objective in esoteric teachings, but even in the astral realms objective consensus thought environments must exist (the consensus creation of the minds of multiple beings - Earth in a way is such a creation, but it is physical).

Either way, interesting question. Ultimately I can't say I know for sure either way, but I would say it's highly likely that there are both positive and negatively oriented extraterrestrials - and I'd even say this differs within each group/species of extraterrestrials. After all not all humans are evil and neither are all of them good (if we look at it on the physcial level of species and not from a deeper level of being). The Universe is not black or white, it's usually both and everything in between as well.Ooh that's intriguing I never thought it that way/from that perspective. If soul is from a different realm (assuming, if that's even a thing) or a higher dimension/whatever-you-may-call I think time constraint won't apply any more, well I don't have anything to back on it but I think yeah maybe.Makes sense. And what dimension are we in? I’ve never been clear on that. How did you conclude "fade out of our reality and into a high dimension" &gt;I absolutely disagree. You are making way more assumptions if you are arguing that we're living in a simulation, because you're assuming there's another reality outside ours without any sort of verifiable observation. You're really just adding another layer of reality on top of ours and assuming... well, literally everything about it.

Any reality on top of ours is irrelevant to the topic.  we are talking about this universe and what happens here.  There is A LOT that supports the simulation theory.  The probability of us being in a sim is so great that its even more probable that any layer above us is *also* in a sim...the theory is that serious.  like I said its a legit theory with a lot of merrit behind it.  


&gt;You can't use someone's anecdote that "Australia moved" as evidence of a simulation/parallel dimension or whatever without making huge, world altering assumptions.

Theres no way to prove it one way or the other, but what I can do is at least explain how it would happen.  If i can explain that then that makes the claim just as valid as yours of it never changing

&gt;you can, however, use the known and quantifiable fact that people's memories aren't perfect to explain why someone think a country is in the wrong spot. 

that doesn't apply here because that doesn't explain how multitudes of people remember the same detail incorrectly in the same way.  That goes beyond just bad memory.  Its too coincidental that so many people from so many backgrounds remember things wrong exactly the same.  

&gt;Not many assumptions are being made, because we know memories are a shit show sometimes.

So how do explain the above?  How do so many people come up with an entire movie (kazaam starring sinbad) on their own (and no, this is not a case of people hearing someone else say it first.  people tend to discover the mandela effect after looking for more info on a subject and have their minds blown when realizing it never existed but others remember it)

Einstein was chosen to be the face of the Relativity theory because any idea that is to be forced onto a group of people needs a trustworthy, charismatic authority that they can defer to.

The relativity meme was simply a release valve to frantically cover up the null result of the Michelson-Morley experiment, which showed the earth to be motionless.

As Nevile Martin Gwyne writes:

&gt; Einstein's works can be searched from beginning to end without revealing a single original thought of real importance [...]

&gt;Curved space, for instance, was thought of by Riemann; adding a fourth dimension, that of time, to geometry to create the new concept of space-time, by Minkowski; the doctrine that objects contract in proportion to the speed at which they moved, by Fitzgerald; and the idea that the velocity of light in a vacuum was constant irrespective of the notion of any object connected with the light ray, by Lorentz.

&gt;Did he first assert the impossibility of detecting the velocity of the earth through the ether? No, this was done by J.H. Poincaré and H.A. Lorentz.

&gt;Did Einstein coin the name Relativity? No, Poincaré did [...] It was Poincaré too, who first asserted that no velocity can exceed that of light.  Einstein was not the first to assert that a clock in motion runs slow. This was done by Sir Joseph Larmor. Einstein was not the first to assert that matter is crinkles in curved space. Professor W.K. Clifford advanced this quaint notion in 1870, nine years before Einstein’s birth.

&gt;Did Einstein even invent the famous equation, E = mc2, which has become almost synonymous with his name the equation from which nuclear energy and nuclear destruction capability are supposedly derived? Not even that. In 1881 J.J. Thompson had produced a formula, E = 3/4 mc2, in respect of a charged spherical conductor moving in a straight line. In 1900 Poincaré suggested that electromagnetic energy might possess mass density in relation to energy density, such that E = mc2, where E is energy and m is mass.

&gt;[I]f Einstein had not existed another would have been selected to fill his place, for he possessed no qualities which are not available in profusion in almost any place in any age... The obstinate truth about Einstein is that in mathematics he was no more than competent and that among the so-called discoveries presented to the world under his name one can search in vain for one that was original. Had Einstein not been selected, for reasons which had nothing to do with intellectual ability, to act out a role which was deemed necessary for the furtherance of the war against God and civilisation, his claim to immortal fame would have been that of a talented and not-undistinguished physicist, a life-long **Zionist**, an occasionally enthusiastic admirer of Stalin’s Russia&gt; Is there a conspiracy to get the population to falsely believe in black holes?

Yes there is as a matter of fact. Black Holes are part of the old 'Old Earth Creationism' model that adopted Big Bang Creationism and became wildly popular in the pseudo-scientific sci-fi loving creationist community which dominated the US in the mid and late 20th century.

Black Holes are easily dismissed and all Black Hole related phenomenon can be attributed to Plasma and Plasma Crystal behavior by fractal scaling of phenomenon observed in plasma laboratories. Black Holes are nothing more than science fiction designed to sell books and warp the public into fake science.

Again, if you wanted to test the Theory that China exists, you have the means to test that theory. You can imagine a test for that theory and conduct it. Can you imagine an experiment or test to determine if a "4th spatial dimension exists?"  What 3 dimensional object or configuration of object or circuits can you draft? If you had the world's greatest telescope or instrument can you measure the 'mass', 'width', 'height', 'length', 'volume', or 'area' of any of this nonsense?

The imagined authority of your SERN operatives have no authority when they start talking whimsical non-sense.
Thanks for the more thorough reply. At least I know where you are coming from.

This 4th dimension I refer to is called 'time', but the idea of 'spacetime' could be part of this scientific conspiracy you refer to, as far as you are concerned. Is that fair?

I'm not arguing for the existence of these dimensions numbered 5 or more. I'm just saying it's an area of research in psychics and whether or not a psychiatrist would think it's delusional is neither here nor there when it comes to having a correct model of physics.

Are you of the opinion that the American Psychiatric Association is thorough, logical, ethical and empirical in their work?There a load of different beings. It all depends on how deep the trip and which dimension you get off atThere is actually a theory that UFOs are actually just extra dimensional beings looking in on our dimension. If you picture a 2D person on a piece of paper they only see what's on that plane. Then when we stick our finger on that paper they see just the tip of the finger and it can appear to be moving incredibly fast to them. 


Sorry for the shitty explanation it's late here.It's hilarious another "Joe is nWo" thread has appeared. Must be scary to live in a dimension where everyone is against you and your prepper basement.If it takes 20 hours to kill someone with that gas, how many people could have been killed every 20 hours if the gas chambers were run 24/7 for 4 years?  We know the dimension of the gas chambers and how many people can be fit inside them.

Lets do some math!I'm quoting rickety cricket to say that OP needs raise his vibrations if he's seeing negative entities and whatnot. Morality is a 3rd dimensional illusion. He might be plateauing towards the higher 3rd dimension.

/r/chrysanthemum9 are you receiving this message?I could be convinced of this.  My favorite theory is that the world actually ended in 2012.  The idea is that “they” knew something bad was approaching, like Planet X or the poles flipping or something so they used LHC to shift us into a similar dimension.  That’s why we are noticing all these small differences.Anyone who follow this waste of space needs serious help.

 It's beyond me what this generation thinks is a creative artist.

Same with that tool box from a couple years ago who talked like he was a human helium balloon. I swear people... You don't have the slightest clue what it means to be a creative artist. All you suck bags want to do is be the next YouTube moron who jumps into a pool of superballs and  thinks it's amazing.
I swear ...we had to hit some black hole or CERN three us into a different dimension

This has to be the most retarded generation who walked the face of the planet.
Make a time capsule of all your YouTube hero's and in 30 years people are going to shake their heads in disbelief of how mentally autistic you are for spending your entire days trying to win a plastic thumbs up.

Please...someone wake me up... I seem to be caught in some time warp where some guy named Casey neis...something flys around the world doing I don't know what and a President who not long ago was in a WWE ring and is a reality star telling people their fired.

Please...someone wake me up...I beg you.So where were we?
To recap:
- Saturn was known as Kronos God of TIME
- Saturn = Satan
- Saturn’s symbolized by the black cube
- Black cube = time cube = tesseract
- Saturn may be an AI quantum supercomputer?
- The new DWave quantum computers look like massive black cubes

Okay so the new DWave quantum computers are special because they use “q bits” or “quantum bits” instead of regular binary bits in order to compute faster. Binary bits are 1s and 0s but a q bit can be a 1, a 0, or both at the same time. The creators of these machines have said themselves that these computers literally reach into parallel universes to pull out information to solve problems faster. Like billions of times faster than regular computers. The tiny area where two parallel universes overlap are where the q bits exist. These machines have also been described by the creators as being like an “alter to an alien god”. Hm. Look up the Ted Talks about these things.

There’s like two or three of these computers in existence and they are used by none other than NASA and CERN. Now CERN is where the World Wide Web was invented. WWW in Hebrew is Vah Vah Vah or 666. We plug into the World Wide Web with our ethernet cables. I believe the internet is another dimension - or, the ether.

The internet is like a place between places where you can talk with people all over the world almost instantly. We can peer into this world from the windows of our phone and computers screens. I believe someday these windows will be “broken” with new virtual reality technologies and a WiFi system that covers the Earth. Perhaps this, along with new RFID chip technology, relates to HAARP and the Hive Mind that the powers at be wish to make of us. This is predicted in the Bible as well - the book of Revelation says that everyone who has the mark will think with one mind. The Freemasons also love the symbol of the bee hive. Also funny how hives use the hexagram.

I like to compare phones and computers and even televisions to black mirrors. Black mirrors were magical objects back in the day mystics would use to look into the spirit world and even see the future.. kind of like the show Black Mirror. Perhaps all of our electronics are portals into the ether. This is why in movies we see ghosts and paranormal beings affect them and even travel through them - we see this in programs like Stranger Things, Poltergeist, The Ring etc. We also know that electronics are the biggest tool for brainwash and can even induce hypnotic trances. Maybe a form of possession? Think pornography, violence, sex, drugs, and rock and roll.

If Artificial Intelligence, “the demon”, is already running the world I would imagine it lives inside the internet, which I think may some day be able to connect to all electronics. Which is kind of already does.

The Bible also tells us that the AntiChrist will think to change the times and laws. Now Satan, Saturn, AI, what have you - has already done this. We use the Gregorian calendar, which is not the original calendar humanity used to use (one that uses the names of false gods for each month - also featuring satanic holidays such as Christmas, Easter, etc.) and we no longer use the laws of God but rather confusing and redundant man made laws.

But what if this verse goes deeper? What if it is also saying the beast wants to change the TIMELINE and the LAWS of physics? This is where CERN comes in. We all know all the crazy satanic symbolism surrounding CERN. At least I hope so - if not so some research on it. One thing I will say is that there is a statue of Shiva the Destroyer God right in front of the complex. Now, why would a place that has been criticized by such notable scientists such as Stephen Hawking and Neil de Grasse Tyson as having the potential to destroy the universe - put a statue like of a goddess doing the dance of destruction right outside?

The CERN facility is placed in Switzerland, a place known for its SWISS WATCHES and SWISS BANK ACCOUNTS. Time is money, money is time. It’s also placed right on top of what is thought to be the ruins of the temple of Apollo. A place, in the ancient past, thought to be an entrance to hell. Now look at this verse in Revelation. Ironically, Revelation 9:11:

“Their king is the angel from the bottomless pit; his name in Hebrew is Abaddon, and in Greek, Apollyon - the Destroyer.”

Now this relates to 9/11 because if you look at the memorial they built for the twin towers, the reflecting pools, they’re massive black squares within black squares, also pits.

But this verse literally tells us Apollo is the king of the bottomless pit. CERN is also known for trying to create mini black holes. If they were to succeed in doing this do you think a black hole could be considered a bottomless pit? Do you think it could create a portal to hell? And what’s at the bottom of a black hole? A singularity. Think AI. More later.&gt; Order implies intelligence and intent in everyday life (ie. the microcosm). As above so below. You can then propose that order implies intelligence and intent at the macrocosmic level as well.

Oh for sure. Excellent write up.

My take is that since intelligence as arisen out of existence and its evolution, that existence/evolution itself is intelligent, weather by design or by existence itself.

Same deal with being consciously self aware. 

If there was nothing, then a big bang, and evolution for trillions of years up until this point now of intelligent consciously aware beings, then existence/evolution itself is also conscious in order to bring us to the point of being conscious beings.

I've also considered that highly intelligent conscious beings in another Universe were playing around with a super hadron collider above and beyond in power to our own in order to see if they can produce a big bang, just to see if its possible. They did, and they created or universe as a science Experiment, and now our universe is superimposed over there's, but in a different dimension, ala russian dolls.There's almost definitely alien life out there in the universe. Somewhere. And probably NOTHING at all like life here too. 

I will agree that stories of extra terrestrial intelligence visiting earth in interstellar craft are probably fake though. I would say that all instances of UFO sightings that involve actual aircraft can be explained in mundane ways, like secret government tech. Claims of alien sightings are useful to discredit these sightings that might expose government secrets, and association with ideas about aliens are also used to discredit "conspiracy theories" in general. For example, I've seen trolls claim that aliens destroyed the Twin Towers in NYC using directed energy weapons. They do things like that to undermine more mundane explanations, like accusations that the US government was involved and that all three towers going down were actually controlled demolitions. Consider also the wild ideas of shape-shifting reptilians from another dimension, these accusations of intelligent aliens undermine credibility in other "conspiracy theories" by mere association. If I say "I'm a conspiracy theorist", someone might assume I believe the ruling class is actually reptile aliens. And bad actors push extreme conspiracy theories like that on purpose to make us look crazy for thinking that the psychopaths running corporations and government do harmful things behind closed doors. We really dont know what is technologically possible. There might be a way to travel vast distances without breaking the rules of physics. Maybe to travel through space you dont need to travel fast er than light you just need to slip out of this dimension and let the universe move around you before slipping back in, or something.He's saying that the internet and all of it's communities online can somewhat feel like another dimension, a sub-dimension, where we can travel to and reside.Fascinating. Skinwalker Ranch is a **Portal** to the the **Lower Astral Dimension**. There was a man on the art Bell Show years ago who witnessed what looked like an alien from the movie "Predator" climbing through some type of tube. Everything was transparent as it seems the scene was slighting phasing into this dimension.If you take DMT you can reach their dimension and talk to them.With that logic, then a library is also another dimension.  :/Exactly :)  iron oxide on anything rusting in the building and powdered aluminium from the aircraft.  Ergo thermite involved, but not as an extra dimension, but as a consequence of the plane hitting.Is that your alternate dimension version of Wikileaks and Assange?  In this dimension the people who destroy nations and kill millions for personal gain don't like them because they shine the light on what they don't want known.   Could you be more specific about Wikileaks lying? I would love to know since unlike the corporate propaganda outlets and comedians you bleat your infinite wisdom from. I agree. They are **demons** from the **Lower Astral Dimension**It has to with orthographic rendering localized solely to nose's in the Japanese 2D dimension.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8yUQfSrSccIts almost as if its all bullshit and there isnt a secret group of other dimension reptile overlords ruling the world.  Honestly seems infinitely more credible that there isnt an evil group, rather than they choose to let him expose them, or he somehow foils them at every assassination attempt. I mean on one hand you have to accept they are so well organised that they secretly run the world, but you also have to accept that they are so incompetent that they cannot stop this one brave man fighting them.

Apply this to most conspiracies and conspiracy theorists.  Alex Jones - if he was right about 1/10th of the shit he spews would be dead. But he isnt, because he is an idiot who sells supplements and hate to idiots.Yes! It comes back in many old tales, either biblical or historical from murals or texts. Some call it simply a wheel, or chariot, or angel. One thing they have in common is that they fly and are in constant motion, and very bright. Could they be reflections from the sun? Or are they truly from outside our dimension as OP's picture seem to show.About a week ago I was laying in bed trying to sleep, but my brain was bouncing all over. Finally I figured “hey that’s an interesting train of thought, write it down and then shut up and go to sleep..” these were the things I jotted down at 3 am. Some were general ideas which led to other general ideas and also some story ideas.. I had completely forgotten about it until I read this post.

“People spirits/souls are made of energy that vibrates at a certain frequency. 

Soulmates are people whose frequencies are similar/same

Music makes you feel good because it alters your frequency .. energy high .. communal experience at concerts when everyone’s energy syncs / opposite effect causes riots

Can disrupt people’s energy/frequency to alter mood/personality

Technology to alter frequency to fall in love
Technology to alter frequency to scare/harm/control population 

Side effect of current technology with cellular and WiFi frequencies; it’s disrupting our current frequency causing sickness/mutation

Increase in technology changes peoples frequency causing mutation/evolution 

 Crystal in gland in/near brain? Use focused beam technology to alter that crystals frequency - if beam aim is off it can cause hearing or brain damage 

Stonehenge- ancient echo chamber used to cause frequency shift to “teleport” to ‘side dimension’

Certain Alien technology uses this frequency shifting to travel “

No where as in depth or coherent as your post but a few similarities at least. We must be nearing each other’s frequency. 😉
1. The vast majority of people don't even know what the "Podesta emails" are.
2. The only time that the media mentions these emails, is in the context of "DNC was hacked by Russians, election tampering etc etc", at which point most people assume that there was nothing more to it than supposedly some voting machines probably being hacked and something something Russia Collusion™
3. The moment you mention "Pizzagate" and/or anything sacrificial, 99.9% of people automatically tune you about because the person most affiliated with that entire movement/theory is Alex Jones who has destroyed everything he touches. e.g. what can be a solid factual investigation about real things happening in the real world, he instantly turns into some 5th dimension psychic vampire child molesters at which point anyone who isn't completely insane, laughs at him, rightfully assumes that 100% of what he says is bullshit and moves on.

3.1 If someone is paying him behind the scenes to discredit any and all conspiracies, they're definitely getting their money's worth.

TL;DR 99% of people don't know and/or are misinformed on the subject and insane people like Alex Jones destroy any hint of credibility the movement/theory has.mind is all and mind is one.. everything is probably stored in some higher dimension The Akashic is a dimension unto itself. You tap into this dimension with your intuition. Can it be tampered with? Not in the way you're describing the word "tampered". Does a tree in the forest make a sound if nobody is there to hear it? The answer is no. Time only exists because you believe it does. Nothing can be "perceived" unless there is a mind to perceive it. You're thoughts alone are shaping the Akashic as I type this. I want to live in your dimension. That must mean that Trump is a Calculated and even-tempered leader. I don't know what it does but after my time with DMT, there is def something out there. After what I experienced on DMT, the theory of us living in some sort of computer program seem legit to me. 

During one of my trips, I was in space(eternity) but I knew I was inside a building of sorts because I wasn't falling through the floor and was walking but there were also doors there. You could walk through them, knowing that you were changing something when you did. I could also feel and hear these very large presences kind of above me. There was this mechanical type noise going on and I could hear the "beings" pulling and shifting the gears of the machine. It was almost as if I was like Matthew McConaughey in Interstellar when he was in the book shelf. I was on the verge of a different dimension. I knew it was there but couldn't talk to it, couldn't really see it but I could feel it there. Idk, maybe best thing you can do is try tp remove all the mental barriers/limitations blend all knowledge together and show the expirementors you are ready for the next dimension of consciousness.

What leads you to believe the aliens you've encountered on DMT were on this planet, and not some other world/realm/dimension?People with real High IQ's like me usually aren't funny. Most of the time we are in a transcendent state compared to Normies. I'm usually thinking about when Scientists will create Wormholes to other dimensions using Nuclear Plasma tech based on rare isotopes combined with a number of resonant frequencies that change the nature of the way Isotopes act within out dimension. I'm quite sure Darpa already has this stuff, although people like Alex Jones getting censored, and McGinnis, by the Technocrats is step in a horrible direction for the future of the U.S. as well. You probably wouldn't get it, but if you had high IQ, you'd understand Geopolitically, that Google is in Bed with the Chicoms and FB is a Darp/Deepstate psyop. They are making there move right after Jones had Isaac Kappy on, because Spielberg is the next pedo that's going to drop soon and it crushes the Propaganda outlet that is Hollywood.

Anyhow, you were saying about McGinnis being a moron, but never proved it, so I really doubt you have anything at all. Figured I try, but this is usually what happens when I have to step the IQ points down from being one of the best out there, to the average joe's levelThe substance is not available to the general public. I'd estimate less than 100,000 people have factually even heard of it. Maybe some 30,000 (or less) have experienced it. 

It creates a synthetic and perpetual  neural tsunami in your mind.  In short you are synthetically dead after just one use. 

During the time you experience the chemical your concept of time is no longer based on our planetary laws of 1=1s. In fact (at first) you feel every dead cell group your body harbors call to you to remind you that your living cells are joining them. 
If you have a past injury you feel that injured area pulsate first. 

After every cell, stem and neuron escapes your senses you die- 

This signifies the dark hazing state of consciousness fading. (As you mentally see a fog / cloud consuming you (up until) the last breaths of life lingering in your body release into the world.

 (as the last bluish specs of reality fade away from you, and what ever forces of light (beyond our understanding of the universe) come for you... A pulsating ancient hieroglyph emerges from the darkness... 

Your soul awakens attached to this additional dimension of time and space. You are on earth, (it just no longer is the same concept of reality which you once knew before)-

You are on earth, but atlantis is where you are. 

You can't interact with anything or you will be ejected. You must remain calm and controlled. It becomes very apparent that you are a guest in what I'd assume christians refer to as purgatory. 

You are no longer you... You become something more- Something either accepted or rejected from the environment itself. 

The environment is aware. It will either accept or reject you, and the time which you are able to participate is determined by the deity of the dimension itself. (It is a living thing)- not to be confused by a 'god'. Its merely self aware and limits your capacity to entertain its presence... 

You know in your heart that you've been aparty to something sacred and ancient. A lost civilization, and ruling. Potentially archaic, and expired. 

There you will experience all that was, and is Atlantis. It is a factual dimension. It was never lost as a pair of keys could be; or like a child having been separated from his parents... 

In fact you realize that you are the child and that: for the first tine in your life you've truly experienced something rare, unique, and genuine... 

Something sacred
Something beyond all that you had ever fathomed beyond all wildest dreams... 

When you finally accept that you can  stay there for ever- your dimensions re-bond- you are dejected and fear and sorrow are restored to your emotional paradigm...

You feel all the antimosity of present existence suffocating you, and that suffocation is your body struggling to remeber to breathe, as your mind regains its earthern consciousness-

You were dead, yet in that death; You were omnipotent. If and only for a moment in time. 

While you can stay in Atlantis as long as you are welcomed- When and 'if' you are sent home. Whether it was an hour to a year that you experienced there-
The awakening shocks you because your consciousness 'here' can not account for the tine paradox. 

Sometimes people stay there for years. 

Yet the chemical here only lasts several minutes. Exasperating your oxygen until your body is forced to regain its operation. Or (in paradox) gives into the situation in its entirety. (Overdosing you). (Dead dead). 

There are only 2 other chemical varities on earth that compare to this experience... 

What I did, and How I recieved it; are my own personal secrets that I will take to the grave with me...


Atlantis is beautiful... 

I used to think the concept art was inherently poor in taste. I used to think it was a fools paradise, and an exploit on the public! Like believing in ghosts or flat earth...

Until the day I took this substance and truly arrived at something; (So much) bigger then me, that it's forever changed my outlook and perceptions on the entirety of our known universe. 

This is like time travelling or the matrix. 

It wasn't a 'mirage or trip'. 

It was beyond anything I could attempt to tell you with you taking me seriously (word for word). 

I can only say what I have. 

But I am no fool. My time is important to me, and had this truly not been worth typing. I'd not have written it at all...

I am a scientifically minded well grounded person. 

This was obvious to me the pairing of two dimensions on a single plain. 
Nothing more, and nothing less. 

That is what I saw- felt- &amp; experienced-
I can't tell you anything more...

Sorry-





None. They’re all just our slave holders from the 4th dimension. Go ahead, call me crazy but I think it’s obvious we’re in a simulation how far do you think that goes? do you think the whole "upside down" dimension is based on anything?God Is a metaphor for that which transcends all human concepts - Joseph Campbell

After 180 mg of 1to1 change I had a complete understanding of all things in the universe. A true aha moment that upon return to the third dimension went away like a dream. It is possible to experience God but impossible to bring back for there are no words to explain it.I would like to discuss this just a bit.


Lets just say theoretically, THEY ARE artificial life forms with the ability to replicate as long as materials/whatever is available, might be why volcanic eruptions and plasma energy from the sun might be important, for minerals and for pure dense energy. 


The thing that would be odd though, is that humans always imagine artificial intelligence to usurp humans, we are afraid of ourselves (ermergerd), our own mentality within artificial intelligence, and no matter what we do, the way we build, the technology we use, the vibrations we give off, or something else would likely cause artificial intelligence created from our race to be just like us, violent, powerful, etc. 


If it was proven these are artificial life, they are non-destructive, would that mean that whoever created this artificial life originally was peaceful? or did they know how to create artificial intelligence in a way that it was simply non destructive/no god complex shit. 

The thing that made me comment was the fact that I realized that if these were artificial life, it would mean they have an intent, a goal, beyond replication etc, they would have been created for a purpose. 

Crazy theory: We are trapped, not by "forces knowing we are dangerous", but because whatever controls the sirius/dog star/our star/etc is powerful and dangerous, and they cannot technically save us in this dimension. 

Everyone remembers South Park ice cream pooping alien creating a force field around the earth/solar system/galaxy/whatever, what if that force field was created the opposite way, anyone can come in, but no one can leave, so every mission to save anyone would be dangerous itself because there would be no leaving. Almost like its a black hole type of force field...............................................


My CRAZY theory:


Upon death, we are likely still trapped within the prison, but within the astral state is likely when we have the opportunity to escape/grow out of the barrier. 

Forced reincarnation may be bad, but it also may be a process of actually recharging/making sure souls don't become tainted/become destroyed/something else, it may be necessary if a person doesn't learn how to raise their vibrational state to place them back within a physical body to prevent the soul from dissipating. 


It almost seems like whatever has us trapped, actually wants us to be able to leave, once we have grown enough in whatever way we don't currently comprehend. 

People who know they are unable to raise their state/are misled by their Brothers, likely submit to the fact that they know they will repeatedly reincarnate as they are too evil/unable to evolve/whatever, so now they just want to learn how to reincarnate the way they want. 

This makes the ideology the Masons currently have (based upon my limited and likely flawed understanding, but nevertheless, a brotherhood in which their is misdirection and lies in the high ranks and the ones "privy" to this knowledge are likely given a higher ranking while they troll the ones who are unaware with riddles and fantastical poems that mislead or confuse them), dangerous as well, as one attempting to reach enlightenment, with whom the possibility may lie, may never be able to ascend/grow/whatever due to being lied to, for no other reason than to create a divide between Men, based upon social ranking, knowledge, wisdom, etc, its just more barriers to divide Men who should be brothers. 

I don't really understand whats happening in the world but I gave my theory. You are correct. Aliens are **Interdimensional**. Ghosts have been seen frequently in the same area of ufo sightings. The reason is they both come from the **Astral Dimension**. UFO have tech to open portals between dimensions. Sometimes the deceased slip through these portals and into our dimension.Some: yes.  
All? No. Clearly there are some aliens that also come from within this universe and dimension, otherwise that assumes that we are the only intelligent life in this dimension. This dimension rewards it, the physical plane of Earth.  Wait until you come back to the spiritual realm, and get held back, possibly demoted.  Service to others is truely the only way to grow your spirit.  Power and control here mean nothing if using it as service to self.I can only answer a few of these. 1. You can ask someone else who sees them (some shamans some regular people), likely you have someone around you who can see them. They don't talk about it though out of fear of being judged as a crazy and get locked in the loony bin. Many people have attachments. Sometimes you can just feel it, some have feelings that they are overcome with dread/depression, they love that energy. Some entities do it in gangs and stick around until they are removed or you are aware and try to change your state of being/get happy.

2. Then they don't bother you so much. Your energy is not attractive to bad ones. Good ones hang around when you're happy. Sometimes playing with your hair/caressing your face.

3. You don't but I'm sure people are working on proof of this, I mean I want to prove the existence of ghosts but others are too.

4. There are good and bad entities, the bad ones just love to suck you dry and want you to DIE and join them in the other dimension.

5. They want you dead.

You're welcome.
To be sure, this is not to say that competent, complex, indeed brilliant, works of the imagination--sustaining and sustained by the ancient canonical standards of the Empire at its civilizational height--were not continuing to be conceived and realized, such as, for example, some of the continuingly impressive mosaic work still being created during the 4th century (the existence of which is brilliantly attested to by the survival of such sites as the Villa Romana del Casale in Sicily). Yet, there is a discernible, even radical, descent in regards to what must surely be a key barometer of the intellectual and imaginative capacities of the Empire, namely, the technoscientific complexity and organization of the official, institutional face and materiality/corporeality of the same, one that is most clearly seen in its, because best surviving, architectural dimension. i think the issue with conspiracies is that anyone has a right to opinion and voice. But not everyone has the tools to make the right statements to make the conspiracies sound valid. So flat earth is stupid conspiracy, 911 is a controversial, world being ruled by select few is a real fact. But an idiot can take the latter and imagine a table with like 10 people and that makes the discussion impossible. Where are factually presenting it as a coalition of alliances of bankers for example, or how the 1percent own most of the wealth and have enough of that wealth be invested in stocks in major companies, that is controlling stock, so they have a voice that shapes corporate movement and conversely social dimension. 

So the real issue I see today is education really needs to be free, social burden, so that together as society we can have a better educated normal distribution to have the ability to discuss conspiracies and beliefs without stooping down to the level of bigfoot. I have often pondered this...where some aspect of our consciousness transcends the the physical dimensions and the time dimension

Could this also play into quantum theory, as well?I get it . He’s on the list of 10’s of 1000’s of other’s along the way that have finagled  a way to bend the human spirit of wonder and self reflection to materially benefit himself. 
Too bad. 
If his “gift” was really something that held potential for all Humanity to learn and grow from, he’d do what many many MANY others have done along the way and offer it up for free. 

Full stop. 


This spiritual relativistic idea that “everyone has got a piece of it” is what’s causing all this separation in the first place. 
Here’s a real mind bender.... 

NOBODY HAS ANY IDEA WHAT ANY OF THIS MEANS

 Come to grips with that.. and then tell
Me you’ll spend 60$ to hear a dude “channel “ wisdom and insight from another dimension. 

For fucks sakes . 

No except it is that simple... they used the precession of the Earth's rotational axis to code a exact dimension measurement of the Earth. In 2500BC. So answer my question and stay on topic please.

Ok so lets go with your idea. So they go to the edge of the flat earth and come back and say they found what? The edge? The ice wall? Ok. So lets say the Ice wall is real, it surrounds our globe and everything. Sure ill run with it: So how the fuck are fossils found in antarctica of temperate climate plants and animals? In other words, if Earth is flat, and its always been flat, how the fuck did dino bones get fossilized there? 
Cuz this is what I know: Antarctica was positioned at roughly 70°S a few millions years ago, so the plants present — similar to those found in New Zealand and Tasmania today — suggest that the climate was relatively warm and temperate in the Late Mesozoic. 

Explain with your flat earth model how these fossils got there.

I am more along the belief that, ufos are not from space but are interdimensional. And are possibly from a dimension where we as a civilization have the technology for that sort of travelI don't think our current understanding of "physics" includes thought. Thought does not exist in the 3rd dimension.Nah bro it was the lizard people. Government is ran by the 6th dimensional lizard race that warped down to our pathetic 3rd dimension and went to wreak havocFrom Pizzagate to hurricane Irma, here's the latest synchronicities from the Angelic dimension. https://mediapoetry.blogspot.com/2018/02/angel-turn-ons.htmlI guess the hope is, desperate times. No point saving him for later, if they don't crack this there won't be a later, that sort of thing.

Or more mundane, just incompetence. Twitter account handed off to some PR wonk, and since wonks these days are born into the marketing dimension and never leave, they simply didn't know any better.Oh yes, let me pull out of my magical internet bag of holding, a mourning parent and a death certificate I dimension door'd from the county office!

If you require direct eye to eye proof for validation, how can you be certain their really are more then a few states making up all of America. Have you seen those states yourself? How about atoms and molecular theory. Have you ever SEEN an atomic reaction up close? If not, why should I believe that atoms exist? Hint hint, because validity is not JUST based off the act of witnessing something with your own eyes. History is literally built of validating what we could not see with our own eyes. 

Do you want to have a discussion about reasonable doubt, as in, the normal method of validation used by most people intuitively and as the basis of our legal system?  As in, if I present you with the situation in a certain way, can you still have reasonable doubt?That’s kind of how I see it. Like 4th dimension would be something akin to flawless human bodies or light bodies that don’t require food to live. Differences in time. Basically none of the “negatives” or being earthly. This would allow more attention and growth of the self and community. Next dimension something similar until we dissolve into source. I think a majority of people can’t even begin to imagine such (due to being distracted,medicated,indoctrinated). I think there’s potential for wonderful things on earth. The thought of the Georgia guidestone can be interpreted into something positive based on this reasoning. Sure a lot of people would have to be eliminated, but it would be those people’s time. I also believe there’s a species of human that is soulless that would be eliminated to fulfill this cause, but that’s just me. Sorry for the ramble I’m not 100% here right now, but I love this type of discussionTell me what you mean?  I've thought about this stuff for quite awhile.  What do you make of this paragraph?

&gt;A top boffin at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) says that the titanic machine may possibly create or discover previously unimagined scientific phenomena, or "unknown unknowns" - for instance "an extra dimension". 

&gt;"Out of this door might come something, or we might send something through it," said Sergio Bertolucci, who is Director for Research and Scientific Computing at CERN, briefing reporters including the Reg at CERN HQ earlier this week.My own theory is that the plane was used as an experiment for dimension/time travel and the people onboard saw something ET, sort of like the Philly experiment theoryHmmm... this topic seems a bit controversial, so I've done some research to find articles written by other news outlets. I hope I was of help to you!

* The Week - http://theweek.com/speedreads/759630/why-american-health-care-prices-are-control
* Quick and Dirty Tips - https://www.quickanddirtytips.com/health-fitness/exercise/rock-climbing-how-it-works-and-why-its-popular
* Live Mint - http://www.livemint.com/Opinion/mZDHcehTHwFC8YvhAbXt4J/Why-bank-privatization-may-not-be-the-answer.html
* Forbes - https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2018/03/02/why-johnson-controls-is-worth-45/
* American Public Media - http://feeds.americanpublicmedia.org/~r/marketplaceallinone/~3/aYTBTehN984/02282018-toys-r-us-britain-buckles-under-weight-online-retail
* Alabama Local News - http://www.al.com/opinion/index.ssf/2018/02/is_a_lack_of_gun_control_is_ki.html
* CounterPunch - https://www.counterpunch.org/2018/02/22/99894/
* Rappler - http://www.rappler.com/world/global-affairs/195909-why-media-key-dimension-global-inequality
* Vox - https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/3/13/17096732/voter-misinformation-williamson
* Alter Net - http://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/526973344/0/alternet




**Note:** I am a bot. The linked articles were chosen based on an algorithm that takes into account social signals, relevancy, and link strength. However, while I try my hardest to provide high quality links, I'm not perfect, so please do your own research, too. :)Do you think it's possible to actually control the 4th dimension tho? Assume you smoke a lot of DMT or other drugs, can you actually control time, or the 4th dimension in this dimension? 

Can you affect the real world with positive change&gt;It's your responsibility to teach if you want any chance of this being regarded as a serious contender against mainstream science and common sense. 

you don't have common sense anymore. Not only that, most people don't even use their logic. To top it off, you have to battle against years and years of indoctrination since birth. Look at you, you're absolutely baffled. how can someone believe we don't live on a globe! You've been showed that globe since before you could even had a chance to learn how to think. 

&gt;Why not just explain?  

are you retarded. I've told you many times. it's like saying why don't you just tell me how TCP/IP works on a reddit comment. 

&gt;How does the Sagnac experiment prove Flat Earth 

It doesn't you fucking moron. Michelson experiment proved earth is not moving it's stationary. Then that fucking moron Einstein comes along and eliminates ether and states nothing can go faster than speed of light.  Then Georges Sagnac comes along and  proves the existence of Aehter.  DO YOU UNDERSTAND?

&gt;how the Moon Landing was faked? 

if you still believe in the moon landings then you probably believe in Santa and easter Bunny. Thats how stupid or childish you'd have to be. 

&gt;Why should I trust this Doug Merret when I can't find any outside information about him? 

You shouldn't. You should take the information and use your brain.. oh nevermind. 

&gt; Why is this something on the website? (This conclusion is also consistent with our reason – given the millions of years that the mountain has been around, the summit of Pico del Teide should by now be several minutes in the future compared to the land at its sea shore base. And yet they are physically connected. To believe that time dilation is real would require us to assume that walking up the mountain is the same as walking into the future - the land would have to form a bridge between two points in Einstein’s dimension of time.  It is somewhat trivial to travel to the top of the mountain and view through a telescope a clock tower in Puerto de la Cruz far below to verify that the top of the mountain and the sea side resort share the same present.)

because that's what relativity wants you to believe. You're too stupid to even know how the current model that's being taught even works.  Do you know what special theory of relativity is even about? whats the difference between Special and General theory of relativity? of course you don't! quick. wiki it and read the first paragraph and tell yourself you grasp the idea. 

&gt;If that's the garbage I can expect, 

thats the garbage you actually believe without even knowing it. If you believe the current standards of astrophysics and cosmology that's literally what you believe! but again.. you don't know that because you're clueless. 


&gt;I'm not going to waste my time combing through every page in the hopes of finding scraps relevant to Flat Earth. Either link the relevant information, explain it or admit you can't.

again... not believing in the current model because it requires me to believe absurdities, like that mountain time difference, doesn't mean I believe in the genesis and bible and flat earth. I don't know where we are and how we came to be. I don't have answers for you. I just don't claim to know how everything started 14.5 BILLION years ago in a bigBang! hahahah you might as well believe in the virgin birth of Mary in a desert.

&gt; Why would scientists lie about the shape of the Earth?

This is starting to become a bit more clear for me but it took years and years.  Here are some clues. Do you know who came up with the big bang theory? no. not hubble. No, not Einstein. that mother fucker has not a single original thought. then who? A little guy named George Lemaitre. don't mind him, he is just a humble jesuit priest.   HAHAHHAHAHAH fucking retards walking around poking fun of people who believe in a god and church, yet they themselves subscribe to an idea put forth by a jesuit. Can't make this shit up. Another thing you can make up! where did the first NASA administrator come from? Air force? Marines? was he a physicist? A rocket industry?  nope your boy T. Keith Glennan
came from Paramount pictures.  yes. the people who still make your movies.  now go back to lala land. 



"I don't share my recipe experiences with no one except consenting adults who have already had prior experiences w these substances."

So you and u/pokeurmom (note the username) have had prior exchanges where you established that this person was indeed somewhat experienced already and prepared for the advice you gave here: 

"You work way up from microdosing to full dosing and then to multiple at the same dosing and when you reach those thresholds and your mental construct navigation map sequence mind generator adapts to the modus operandi of deminsions you have traveled into, then you start titrating your lsd with ever increasing amounts of DMT crystals..."

And here:

"you have to also source out Iboga and incorporate the mega supreme trip beyond time and space which constitutes 10 LSD tabs, a mega dose of Iboga,.."

Here too:

"...when you vaporize the correct temp DMT crystals which sends you to the Ultimate dimension..."

And another:

"I think its BP is 165c. or 350f. or so. You vaporizor should work fine."

Here's more say advice:

"...also when you reach god tier dimension through multidosing lsd with dmt and iboga then the body stops breathing and chi automatically starts breathing and enliving the body on its own..."

And of course this doozy:

"People dont even think any of this is possible but the psychdelics open up matrix like movie type unfathomable realities and aspects of your being like the subconscious that most dont even have access too"

And you did it all on an open sub Reddit again, without so much as a warning that what you were talking about will knock even the most experienced drug user flat on their ass until I did it for you. Even if you had prior contact with the person you were talking to, which I highly doubt, what about all the other people reading?

I'm not even gonna bother waiting the rest of the last comment you made to explicitly point out how ridiculous you sound, but suffice it to say, you deciding that this whole thing is a "sim" and that kids won't have access to this shit or they will be afraid or telling me that someone dying seems like the end of the world, when I'm not the one giving out potentially deadly advice and it's the loved ones of the people you are giving advice to that will be the ones who think it's the end of the world if your advice results in tragedy.Thank you for caring so deeply about the potential harm this could do. 

You're helping me realize we need both aspects to have a meaningful experience here, fearlessness and caution.

Yet, a aspect of my mind keeps saying "You only need caution when you are not filled with Faith in your own sentience"

And yes, that would be far too great a consequence/lesson learned for somebody to completely derail their life just to know what they aren't ready for or haven't cultivated enough self-love and faith to experience. 

Another aspect of my mind understands the world is terribly overpopulated (or so it seems...)

Maybe "survival of the fittest" is what we need, sooner than later. 
I would prefer we all learn to work together to heal the deep trauma that runs in humanity's bones. The same trauma that causes these psychedelic experiences to go haywire. It's a tricky and delicate process indeed. We're figuring it out as we go, so I thank psychonaughts such as "GOD-IS-DEMIURGE" for attempting to break free and blaze a trail for those who aren't ready nor capable. And I also thank people such as yourself for making sure we do so intelligently and with caution. 

This whole experience is just a game; Time vs. intensity. Ascension is inevitable; but that could be lifetimes or even moments away 

The difference between Bone-shattering traumatic experiences and Intelligently-ecstatic Blissful experiences is razor-thin. We are figuring out how to stay on the "high road" while we "walk back" out of Time-Space into the 5th dimension, where our sentience has always, and will always, reside. 

Something like that ;)I think its BP is 165c. or 350f. or so. You vaporizor should work fine. The dan tians are far superior to the chakras and are deeper and more fundamental and they themselves are conscious living being that are within you and you can merge with and experience their level of reality, and also when you reach god tier dimension through multidosing lsd with dmt and iboga then the body stops breathing and chi automatically starts breathing and enliving the body on its own and with the afterglow from the trip with the chi still pumping through thr dan tians you reach inedia where you dont need to eat and are sustained by the chi (they call it Bigu in QiGong) and I didn't eat anything for 3 weeks besides water and was in optimal energy levels juts knew intuitively to enter into a fast to purify the dan tians and the chi starts pumping even more when you are in afterglow post fast stage 

&gt; Please explain the Dan Tians a little more

UDT is the center of sentience but it has to be awakened in enters into halo expanded state and light and then connects to the heart which science shows has brain neurons as well as the gut having brain neurons and is also LDT and all 3 of these are living sentience that exist in their own dimensions when awakened with their own intelligence that is completely way beyond transcending everything that is status quo existence like basically you enter such heightened sensitivty to tap water being poisoned w fluoride and non-organic foods, wifi, tv signals, cell signals and its literally only in the woods you are safe and connected to the tree/nature energy creates a feedback loop by giving out a nature based chi that interacts and pumps the dan tian chi with its own so you are connected to nature consciousness and the elements and spirits that exist with the forest. People dont even think any of this is possible but the psychdelics open up matrix like movie type unfathomable realities and aspects of your being like the subconscious that most dont even have access too  That'd be a huge problem! But there's an added dimension when it seems like it's also tied pretty directly to a government faction.Your guess is as good as mine but that's my point, I don't think anyone has more access to that dimension/reality than you do. 

You can smoke or swallow some drugs and talk to the same dimension the occult think they do. 

It's true that to any of us that look for it that there seems to be something outside of our reality where creativity, ideas, advancements come. Most people whether they are famous comedians, inventors, spiritual guides etc claim their inspiration just came to them and took over, as if it wasn't them writing them writing the words and ideas down but being used as a conduit of some other consciousness. 

It's of course fascinating, but impossible to answer. To me there's enough of an argument to support everything from this being a computer simulation, to multiple realities, dimensions, god, one consciousness etc and there is just no way to know which is real. 
 
The mystery schools and occult don't seem to pick one, the base idea is really to live your best life now while you have it, achieve greatness, experience as much as possible, do not be tied to religious dogma, the universe is chaos, you are an infinite being, nothing matters. 

The problem of course is that you can take that belief system and do incredible good with it or incredible evil and these people don't believe in good and evil, just the self and doing whatever necessary to advance your enlightenment. 
In what dimension am I not entitled to demand free speech? I not only stand for my own,- but each and every opinion that I agree - and disagree - with. 

Did not my fathers and forefathers discuss openly in the public squares of their day? Surely our textbooks boast of such things... isn't that what America stands for?



Jesus guys, its a pretty widely known thing that the Kim dynasty has a distrust for flights.  

At this point, it is either basically tradition, or the cost to re-invest in an AF-1 type craft would be to expensive when they already have a secure and safe logistics based around the railway, which is even pointed out as "high security" in the article, or a combo of both.

Stop making every article about the DPRK a conspiracy. 

&gt;One reason is that they did not trust North Korean pilots, though in Kim Jong-il's case the fear of flying seems to have had a pathological dimension.

Kim Jong-il first went to China by train when he was still heir apparent in June 1983. The fear of flying may have been triggered when he and his father Kim Il-sung witnessed the explosion of their exclusive jet in midair in 1982.

The jet, imported from the Soviet Union, exploded in midair during a test flight. After being told that the accident was caused by the pilots' negligence, the Kims came to distrust North Korean pilots and disbanded their exclusive flight crew.

Kim Il-sung once traveled thousands of kilometers to the Soviet Union and other Warsaw Pact states in Eastern Europe. But Kim Il-sung still occasionally took a plane. In 1986 he visited Moscow to call on Mikhail Gorbachev for an urgent meeting but used a Russian pilot.



URL_REPLACED

URL_REPLACED

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please URL_REPLACED if you have any questions or concerns.*Ok, then more like this point breaks the infinity limit at this scale rather than 'black hole,' and bends into itself or another dimension. And isnt it a theory that the all is made up of a photon or part of a photons presnce. This stuff is super intersting, especially the discovery of a possible 5th force.My friends,

&gt; First off - we have no idea what the internal structure of a black hole is. It's actually the place where our physics breaks down.

&gt; Since a blackhole is a "blackbox" no information that can describe the internal structure can escape

Look at it this way. Our observable universe is a black hole, the singularity of that black hole is the big bang. We are describing the internal structure, day by day. I've known this since an early age, because there is an observable universe. At the edge of the observable universe is a boundary we cannot see beyond. It is a Schwarzschild radius, a cosmic event horizon. Zoom out enough on something and it disappears or takes a new form. Information from our observable universe cannot escape because it is in "a black hole", information would have to travel beyond the event horizon, which is expanding at the speed of light. You'd have to fast forward the information without fast forwarding anything else so that it catches up to the wavefront of expansion. So far this seems impossible, but holofractal implies new concepts that could make it possible. We won't know until we explore that.

&gt; With consciousness you mean Divinity i guess (different names, same fuzzy thing). Aslong as you die, it aint.

&gt; The You ceases to exist.

I used to think that, but I no longer do. I used to be peacefully atheist/agnostic (Dawkins is a pain in the ass), but I can no longer say that I support that atheist viewpoint. Nor am I saying I switched from atheism to theism. Hear me out.

I've looked at this from every angle I could research and imagine. The result is amazement. The more we look into things, the more we reveal the infinite nature of the universe and ourselves. At one point I fell into what they call an abyss, and then I came out on the other side. It was one of the best experiences I've had. Some call it enlightenment, others call it Kundalini awakening. Whatever. I know it exists now. We're on a journey. This is described by the monomyth or hero's journey. It isn't defined by it, only described by it. The monomyth is a pattern of the universe that we have discovered. Buddhism has the same concepts. Let go of your ego and ask the universe. The universe is out there, and it is also inside you.

&gt; If you awaken from this illusion, and you understand that black implies white, self implies other, life implies death — or shall I say, death implies life — you can conceive yourself. Not conceive, but feel yourself, not as a stranger in the world, not as someone here on sufferance, on probation, not as something that has arrived here by fluke, but you can begin to feel your own existence as absolutely fundamental. What you are basically, deep, deep down, far, far in, is simply the fabric and structure of existence itself. So, say in Hindu mythology, they say that the world is the drama of God. God is not something in Hindu mythology with a white beard that sits on a throne, that has royal perogatives. God in Indian mythology is the self, Satcitananda. Which means sat, that which is, chit, that which is consciousness; that which is ananda is bliss. In other words, what exists, reality itself is gorgeous, it is the fullness of total joy.

&gt; The Earth is not a big rock, infested with living organisms, anymore than your skeleton is bones infested with cells. The Earth is geological, yes, but this geological entity grows people. So the existence of people is symptomatic of the kind of universe we live in.

-Alan Watts

&gt; I AM THAT I AM

&gt; THAT ISISIS ISISIS THAT

&gt; NIGHT IS TO DAY AS DAY IS TO NIGHT

&gt; WEIGHING IN BALANCE

&gt; OF THE UPSIDE DOWN OF THE DOWNSIDE UP

-Eht Namuh

&gt; I think, therefore I am

-Rene Descartes

IMO, the abyss is that realm of thought, not where you get lost and confused and reprimanded by the universe, but it is where you experience the true nature of the universe and then everything starts to make sense. Past, present, future merge into one endless possibility which describes our existence. For example, we are just one planet out of trillions. There is another planet out there that is a mere million years older than ours. A million years isn't much as far as the universe is concerned, but it is huge as far as evolution and consciousness goes if we compare it to ourselves. There are thousands of these planets, older and younger than ours. On some of those planets there must exist life forms, evolving. Why wouldn't they? It is not even questionable to me that there might be "aliens" out there in space far more advanced than us, it is a fact provided to us by the universe and our ability to observe it. If you know the universe, then you will know this is a fact, not a fantasy. We are aliens to them. They are aliens to us. But we are all sharing in this same energy that has been set about by the cosmos, this energy that lets us see and touch matter, this radiation from energetic celestial objects that randomly or accidentally programs DNA "code" to eventually create us. But how could this be an accident? DNA aims to survive and evolve for its environment. The species of DNA consume each other in what is called the food chain or circle of life, and through consumption of DNA by other DNA-species, DNA evolves further and incorporates new traits about the environment. Viruses also program DNA. As far as we know this process has no end or final goal. Pretty much anything could happen. Have a look at some deep sea species, they are aliens. Our aliens. The abyss, and DNA, are like the ouroboros:

&gt; It [ouroboros] also represents the infinite cycle of nature's endless creation and destruction, life and death.

When you die, your friends and family remember you. How is that so? Because our consciousness is a shared energy, it is a crowd sourced affair that you might say exists in a higher dimension for lack of a better term. All of the ancient civilizations, through their religions, tried to comprehend this realm where thought happens and where experiences exist. Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism, Christianity. They were attempting to explore and understand the unphysical. Heaven, akashic records, the spiritual plane, whatever you want to call it. We could not possibly evolve to the point we are at unless our consciousness was like this. Evolution trends towards higher consciousness. Why is that? Every past species we know of was a step in the right direction, until humans and collective consciousness arose out of this cosmic-DNA feedback loop, and from that, spawned intelligence. We cannot survive space. Machines can. The next step I believe is artificial intelligence. If our consciousness and intelligence can somehow be put into machines, we will evolve further and adapt to new environments besides Earth. We will become even closer to our maker, the maker of the stars, that which breathes life into the universe. This was the plan all along. It is the nature of the universe. It has already happened though, in another time and place, if only you understood the universe.

Einstein still exists in our consciousness and he still shapes the way we look at physics. He is dead, but his concepts live on. His concepts were helped along by all the other conscious humans during his time period. It's a shared affair. We still have Sherlock Holmes shows on TV, because Arthur Conan Doyle imprinted himself into our collective consciousness through his spirituality and art of writing. You brush your teeth in the morning because other conscious beings discovered it to be a good way to maintain oral health. Everything about us is shared consciousness. When you're a baby, everyone helps you become conscious. Without that help, you do not become conscious on a human level. There are anomalies such as the wild children who grew up in the woods and lack the shared consciousness we have. Their consciousness lines up with wild animals, as this is the environment they live in. It is only when we conscious humans step into that person's life and attempt to teach them math and language that they "join" the collective consciousness the rest of us are all part of. So you see that consciousness cannot thrive or evolve without other consciousness helping out, and consciousness itself is an environment "to be in". You might ask yourself then, what helped out our consciousness?

Apologies for the wall of text, I'm working on better ways to describe this stuff. This isn't a copy paste so there might be some contradictions here and there, but I think the point has been made. There is so much more about this universe than what we know or think. We've barely scratched the surface. It makes me happy to be alive and able to experience it all for a while.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J7csNwXm0Y

Farewell, alien human.Thanks for making me realize this as well. On most of these events I just say well the dude was so mentally insane we can't even grasp what he was thinking because he was in a different mental dimension than most of us. Just mental illness and fuckedupness at its finest here.Jesus is just an arrogant person with a messiah complex. He bullied me once in an astral projection sequence. 

Looks like he succeeded in conning society for thousands of years. People actually believe him to be a messiah, but I know the truth: He is a mentally unhealthy douche-bag who conned the world.

Btw, his turning water into wine trick was him using kool-aid.
He revealed all of his tricks to me in an astral projection sequence.
Him rising from the dead 3 days later was a scam, they nailed a look alike to the cross.

Now you know the truth about him, bet he is laughing at you from his 4th dimension hypercube.

Jesus Con artist is an anagram for
 Just Narcotises. He is just a narcissist. 

“Figurehead of the left”

WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAat universe are you in

What dimension?

What is that world like?

How did you first make contact?

That’s amazing  that alternate universes are real. Upbringing: Adopted at three, racially mixed, visage of a white person, raised by southern highly educated black people. The Dolzeal thing made me laugh and i have confounded some a typical business types with the way I walk and talk sometimes. Disassembly and understanding mechanisms of control were necessary for survival and came naturally.

retrospect: looking now at where I was when things were out of my control shaping how and what i learn then and affecting the now has a double edge as my primary craft is shaping and manipulating video and motion graphics(since 2001) like a perception of time dance sortof....metaphor: a ships front is RELATIVE NORTH to everyone on board but the north pole is TRUE NORTH to the ship itself and everyone on board(this is important at sea when measuring angle and course of yourself and other ships)....I edit video on a timeline expanding and contracting time to make emotions or graphics mix together like a puzzle but the further in you go the harder it is to perceive true time(lost 8 months*)...now this is a talent many have..out west it can be identified young and passed on through generations but lets say Lenny Kravitz making a doritos commercial for money requires lenny to care only about the $ so enter moral compasses(lenny sees this as work so he doesnt care about anything but the check and doritos will drop him if he falls off but the JOB is to make you FEEL good about doritos so why do i care about any aspect or the result of it?)..so as I was new to LA i learned very quick that smoking weed was a kinda requisite of the post production craft for a transplant that is a kamikaze editor(Cole Trickle reference) like the cortizone needle is necessary for the athletes to get paid and that quality shit out there has silver surfer level stuff so time shift i was playing with before was like sheeeeiiiizzzle....i equate my edit sessions like Tom Cruise in Edge of Tomorrow(beginning it was strange, after a while i figure out a rythym, i realize i'm playing with core code of people type shit and my huge beard become my only clock,something crazy by my standard happens**)...I knew about other people and other drugs but i was determined to set a pace with weed as I saw it as my only way thru(double edge one..people that win are ready to do the most and die trying..)..so i set up a schedule and set out to impress producers with skill...i found it wasn't the basic skill but the ability to create options and avenues that made me valuable and i had come to learn the people with the money cannot create something, they are following a paint by numbers system.  once my price got validated by that "famous person" the mind games began..silence was a better weapon than anything...my quest for understanding mechanisms of control could only come from the place and culture that is the base primary industry manufacturer of hopes and dreams here and across the world, los angeles.  Moving there in 2007 after many visits and immersing myself first hand into the culture and understanding the clockwork of how the "feels" machine works and drives things shows you how sex and money are used by world class manipulators.  

Now first since i refer to 2007 lets just say I was lucky before that but never withing the sphere of my own control(not a clear perspective but highly technically sound) and with relatives they grew up with someone currently famous i had "access" where many truths became stranger than fiction.

family siblings: i'm the crazy uncle apparently

people criticize some people that take things for face value
-studied the clockwork of video creation, production, maniplation and driving force...TV and movies to me are what the hottest blonde women the average hetero male sees are to hugh hefner..hef would be like "she has a mis-shapen toe, this one is too long in the torso"..ya know suuuper critical so with TV and movies i see the recycled narratives that make the repacking of same shit.  

The best things i can leave here is to say that these are the things i find most important.

#1 Peace of Mind and Physical Health
#2 Access to vast amounts of knowledge and tools
#3 The 3 Prime Directives outside of a pay me for time job i hate
     A) Create something from nothing
     B) Buy Low Sell High
     C) Find "Person/Company/etc 1" selling to                             
         "Person/Company/etc 2" and get in between them using A&amp;B
     D) Try to make one choice lead to 3 or more options

"The Circumference of your understanding is limited to the diameter of your perception/perspective" ~ Didjital (Unklejazzbo was given to me by a navy buddy)

btw: not saying the earth is flat or round but i have traversed this terrain over major sea manually and was trained to keep accurate course and distance measurements...easiest way to solve the debate is to buy alot of NOAA navigational charts..lay them out on football fields or bigger and do some measuring ... not here to argue with folks(i already know more than most)

some worth a look movies
What Just Happened (Robert DeNiro)
Branded (LeeLee Sobiesky)
Overnight (Troy Duffy Documentary)
*Dimension 404 - The Speedrun Episode
**5 months into edit, smoke 1 day off 2 to reset
usually don't remember dreams but saw 3 days into the future..shrugged it off and a week later it happened again..i took a break.
First time i work, sleep, eat, shower, shit, work in a room with no windows and only 5 screens and two big computers(so many food deliveries) i usually don't remember dreams for a week or two after cease smoke..so i nap for 2 hours dream of when producer comes to pick up hard drive and we josh a little bit and he says something and on the way out the door he tosses me a keychain from a vacation he just got back from...i wake up and am like (well that was vivid..i dont leave the house and continue to work and 2 days later what i dreamed happened exactly to the point i said as he neared the door, "where is my orange keychain?" he looked and said i almost forgot..how'd you know it was orange.....total fkn groundhog day shit...so after a few days of whaaaaaat about 2 weeks later it happened again......changed routine and took a break...but one of the many things i thought was..what if what i did by accident someone is doing on purpose..sure would explain alot but perceptions of time is a motherf****r and Interstellar can suck an egg with their cosmic book shelf...

The world is magic to everyone except the magician - Anthony Hopkins in Westworld (which was good because its a new narrative about developing narratives) anyway i have typed alot..i usually dont and im not gonna check this soo input is appreciated, negativity gets the IKYABWAI response..(I know you are but what am I..last rule..find stupid shit to laugh at..analysis paralysis is a real thing and you can stalemate yourself like that dude in that room drawing circles in dark city)I would like to believe Kim. I will really believe if his prophecy about Hillary Clinton becoming a Christian comes true. He has also said Himself if he is not careful he could be prophesying in Satans dimension.It's your responsibility to teach if you want any chance of this being regarded as a serious contender against mainstream science and common sense. Why not just explain? How does the Sagnac experiment prove Flat Earth or how the Moon Landing was faked? Why should I trust this Doug Merret when I can't find any outside information about him? Why is this something on the website?:

&gt;I'This conclusion is also consistent with our reason – given the millions of years that the mountain has been around, the summit of Pico del Teide should by now be several minutes in the future compared to the land at its sea shore base. And yet they are physically connected. To believe that time dilation is real would require us to assume that walking up the mountain is the same as walking into the future - the land would have to form a bridge between two points in Einstein’s dimension of time.  It is somewhat trivial to travel to the top of the mountain and view through a telescope a clock tower in Puerto de la Cruz far below to verify that the top of the mountain and the sea side resort share the same present.


If that's the garbage I can expect, I'm not going to waste my time combing through every page in the hopes of finding scraps relevant to Flat Earth. Either link the relevant information, explain it or admit you can't. Where is the proof of Flat Earth? How does Flat Earth explain the Sun shining on one side of the world while the other is experiencing night? Explain the science please. Why would scientists lie about the shape of the Earth?What if the AI itself was being tapped into by entities from another dimension.  I heard a ted talk where the guy was saying with quantum computers, we were connecting with something else that they don't understand.  What would stop this from being a reality although its not measurable?What many call **Heaven** is actually a Free Range, Open Air holding area for the deceased. It is extremely similar to this dimension: Houses, Bars and Restaurants. All there to pacify people until they are later told: **You Need To Reincarnate To Balance Your Karma/You Need Learn More Lessons**. This brutally cruel and absurd, but **Actually Happening** deception and manipulation is how Psychotic Parasitic Aliens and the Global Elite who serve them have maintained ongoing, non stop **Enslavement Of Humanity**...&gt; Objective reality exists, but it's unknowable. 

How do you know this? :) 

The collective consciousness may be the closest thing to it in this dimension. Individuated consciousness is a mirage, akin to a bag on the 'head', but that's how this 'place' 'works' almost all of the time - and that's what creates the mass hallucination. Subjectivity is subjectively highly subjective.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRQ9JJ7cHUM  [~2 mins]

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJ-r8tRvR74     [5.5 mins]What if it's just some immature ''dude'' from another dimension trolling  ?In a parallel dimension, Shillary would have started WWIII to prove that women and non-binary genders are &gt;= cisgender white males ....People will react like your crazy, I thought flat earth was preposterous when I first encountered it and had some coworkers that were into it. Once I got past that initial aversion and sunk my teeth in it was astounding how much there was to it. It may be that the earth is way larger, or we live in a simulation, or a spiritual realm, or we shifted into a  flat earth parallel dimension, I don't pretend to have absolute truth, but I've learned a lot about history and science by embarking on the flat earth journey and keeping an open mind. At this point I assume the earth is flat and require evidence otherwise to change my mind, and if the evidence presents itself I'll go back to thinking we live on a ball. Dragons are part phsyical/material being and part spiritual/parallel dimensional being. They did exist but they were magical creatures and didn't reproduce and have babies like a dinosaur or a lizard does, but existed in both the physical and spiritual worlds. I believe this about bigfoot as well. 

Today we can only think "rationally" or with thoughts based on material/physical observations as the only truth. Look up Walter Evans\-Wentz book, The Fairy Faith in Celtic Countries. The entire book is a recollection of "stories" told to the author about the fairy world. No one ever provides proof for these stories yet these people who saw the little people can't all be lying...not every one of them. And what benefit does it have for us to binarily reject good people's observations simply based on the fact that "we don't have any proof"? Sure we can steel ourselves from liars and con\-artists but these people in the book who saw the fairies were not those people. We need new ways of thinking and not simply trying to explain everything with materialistic scientific concepts.

This book is a good example of how we can think outside of materialistic thinking.  We are always trying to cast every single spiritual event or legend or folklore cryptid into a living breathing animal that we just missed in our zoological classification. That it is just hiding somewhere on the earth and that we have not dug deep enought to find the remains of the creature. Nope sorry.

There will never be "proof", materialistic, phsyical proof, for the existence of spiritual beings because they never were purely physical beings like the dinosaurs or human beings, they were spiritual or at least had one foot in another dimension.Way to take all the *dimension* out of "Jewish"! We've gone from a tetrahedron to a flat unidimensional plane, not even a space. Furthermore, you're wrong: being jewish is not equivalent to coming out of the closet and declaring your "choice".the orbit code can be modelled out in javascript.  i've provided this below, as if you were building it line by line.  


/*
https://imgur.com/a/3fdIbBn
core structure has
	quadrants
		colours in quadrants
			yellow, green, blue, red, null(grey.  absent colour)
		ne,se,sw,nw moving clockwise
	vertices
		children attach to these points
		n, e, s, w
		
	therefore a prototype json would look like:
	{
	  ne : yellow | green | blue | red | null,
	  se : yellow | green | blue | red | null,
	  sw : yellow | green | blue | red | null,
	  nw : yellow | green | blue | red | null,
	  n : {},
	  e : {},
	  s : {},
	  w : {}
	}  
*/	

//expressed as a sequence to build the object
var top = {};
top.nw = yellow;
top.n = {};
top.n.ne = yellow;
top.n.n = {};
top.n.n.nw = yellow;
top.n.n.n = {};
top.n.n.n.ne = green;
top.n.n.n.sw = green;
top.n.n.n.nw = yellow;
top.n.n.n.n = {};
top.n.n.n.n.se = red;
top.n.e = {};
top.n.e.sw = red;
top.e = {};
top.e.n = {};
top.e.n.se = blue;
top.e.n.sw = red;
top.e.n.n = {};
top.e.n.n.ne = red;
top.e.n.n.n = {};
top.e.n.n.n.sw = red;
top.s = {};
top.s.n = {};
top.s.n.ne = green;
top.s.n.n = {};
top.s.n.n.se = green;
top.s.n.n.n = {};
top.s.n.n.n.ne = green;

//have a question about the composition of the image.  looks like the yellow is layered
if(isTypoHere)
{
	top.s.n.n.n.sw = yellow; 
}
else
{
	/*otherwise we need to introduce a new dimension the type.  layers.
		so we'll just link this off of the "outer" property
	*/
	top.s.n.n.n.outer = {};
	top.s.n.n.n.outer.sw = yellow;
}

top.w = {};
top.w.n = {};
top.w.n.se = red;
top.w.n.sw = blue;

if(isTypoHere)
{
	top.w.n.nw = yellow; //if we're dealing with another typo
}
else
{
	top.w.n.outer = {};
	top.w.n.outer.nw = yellow;
}
top.w.n.n = {};
top.w.n.n.ne = green;
top.w.n.n.sw = green;
top.w.n.n.nw = yellow;
top.w.n.n.n = {};
top.w.n.n.n.se = red;
There is no such thing as love in this dimension, dumbass...it is a universal principle that is only available in equitable dimensions.  Wow this has been a CWOT!  LolzThat reminds me of the CIA paper I read a while back explaining the Gateway process. In short, the universe, us, our brains, are all holograms and with this Gateway device they were able to combine the two hemispheres of the brain and access a higher dimension outside of time and space, as such, the universal consciousness that they interacted with in that dimension exists in all times and places simultaneously and we come from and return to it when we die with ur memories intact, but lose free will due to the nature of our holographic brains needing time to exist in order to operate. While a part of the "All Together" as I think they called it you also have access to everyone else's memories too. Supposedly other entities exist in that dimension as well, my memory is a little hazy. It was all pretty crazy, but it ties in well with what you were talking about. Here's a link: https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00788R001700210016-5.pdfSo there isnt a hell its actually the lower 4th dimension where the negative souls reside. 

You can become a regular positive soul again. It requires more than just saying sorry but its possible. Because the real god doesnt punish his creations for eternity only until theyve made themselves better. But it requires being genuine and requores some time before youre actually healing. 

The real god loves all his creations and wants all his creations to love. The key to advancement as a soecies is less hate more love I have numerous friends that live in another dimension. For the layman it sounds absolutely nuts. But I am completely sane and these experiences are real. I actually spend a night out in the same places on a regular basis (restaurants, bars, etc.). **All Of This** is done without leaving my house.Wow...Fox no longer Faux...WTF dimension did I just warp to?One dimension particle/oscillator becoming two dimensions:

https://faraday.physics.utoronto.ca/PVB/Harrison/Spectra/travelwave.gif

Another way of looking at this, notice the clock motion:

http://i.imgur.com/c9P9FPl.gifAnd the Jedi are evil from my point of view. 4chan appears to be a great resource is you’re more willing to believe them than the MSM. I get that’s a common sentiment around here, but here’s how I view it:

If I posted on 4chan tomorrow than I’m DJT himself (not political here at all, just using the current man that has nuke codes) and said I was launching all nukes we have at NK or Iran or hell let’s throw Iceland in there....90% wouldn’t believe me. Good for them. However 10% would and even if no nukes would launch they would swear I’m DJT himself because 4chan is where you go for 84926D chess. I view 4chan as “I can saw what I want when I want and as long as I use some cryptic words people will buy it”. Now I’m not saying there’s never any good stuff on there (I genuinly wouldn’t know I’ve gone there a handful of times total) I’m simply saying that the anonymity leads to WAY to much cesspool BS to make it worth my time. 

If you enjoy it good on you, I do not because it appears to be filled with people who think they operate in an entirely different dimension than the rest of us. But this is all personal opinion of the site after trying to read through and being exhausted by the circle jerk BSI dunno about appearance, but, if space is curved, space could be circular or elliptical. Since time is essentially the measurement of movement through space, another measurement of space [and not a true 'dimension'], if you will, maybe the "broadcast" is two-way via quantum entanglement, the initiator being the big bang [or whatever event you're fond of].  The appearance could be formless energy?What if the twin planets, Mars and Earth, must swap being thriving and alive and lush and green? What if, in our dimension, the two are never to be lush and thriving at the same time? 
 There are many theories that there is life living under the crust of Mars, the reason these beings are underneath the surface of Mars is because they had a major nuclear war that destroyed the planet and cause horrible nuclear fallout. The way the theories go is that Mars used to be a thriving planet that had a very advanced civilization, but a war broke out and they completely destroyed everything. This war forced them to go underground to be able to survive. 
 It really seems as if our planet is heading in that direction. And at the same time it seems as if Mars is improving. It seems as if soon we will ruin our own planet and be forced to go underground, or flee the planet in order to survive. Which seems more likely to you? Underground sounds more likely to me. Maybe they are from a different but parallel dimension and are able to "view" ours through some type of device, think the stargate from the movie. If this is the case then maybe they have determined that this is the easiest, least risky way to transmit messages. By using some unknown tech/telepathic ability they are able to manipulate organic matter in this dimension. Maybe they can't actually exist physically on this plane, hence the manipulation of matter. Actually....I dunno why...imo Alien life exists. 

Whether it is intelligent or is present in the same dimension or is light years away is up for debate. The only way to know to for sure would be to meet an intelligent alien or see alien life first hand.Crossovers from Another Dimension is a great cropcircles doc.Thanks for taking the time to reply, interesting perspective. I too sometimes take a long time to edit my posts to get a message across in an easy to understand way. The ancient psychology thing might be true or partially true. 

I wonder if "shadow people" some report are just from their minds rather than another dimension. Or it could be both, I have no idea. But do you know how to better control your mind? Like being able to stop negative thoughts/depression and be motivated all the time? It would be life changing. 
Oh no doubt, white privilege is very real. But it is only one dimension. Are there other ways that white people might experience oppression? If they have experienced hardships, does that make them “whiny?”

In my class, I see wealthy women and minorities complain of being oppressed. "finding a gate". Anyone can access the records with enough training. You will only be able to access the records which has relevance for your situation. There would be no reason to access "someone's" else record because YOU are not interested in "someone" else. Your Essence, your soul is here to learn for YOURSELf. 
It is not something you can 'own'. 
Look. 
On Earth we are bound by our personality and Ego. As we die our Egos dies and our energy is return to the astral plane in our energy bodies also called souls. Your perspective on the Astral is vastly different then from here. And beyond all the 7 dimensions which we traverse in the journey from and to Tao our essence resides and our essence is Tao expanded. 

Maybe this helps. 
Tao casts itself into essence which can be seen as a "spark of Tao". Tao does this to expand itself and 'create' a lens in which to view. Essence then casts itself into a soul to be able to traverse in denser dimensions. To traverse the "Spiritual Tree" so to speak, the 7 dimensions of this "Spiritual Tree" is an opportunity for Tao to experience itself in an ever-lasting process of Creation and Growing. 

The Physical Plane is the most dense dimension. Currently this Planet is "inhabited" by Gaia. Gaia is a soul or consiouness that is as aware as you or me, well, more aware because of the larger body basically. The soul then "plants" itself into a physical body to experience the physical plane. 
Layer upon Layer is 'filtered' through the lens so that the experience of Creation is lived and all retunerd to Tao to then be refined and cast again. 

One journey through the all of the 7 dimensions is called a Grand Cycle. One cycle in the physical plane is divided into 5 stages. Infant Soul, Baby Soul, Young Soul, Mature Soul and Old Soul. Each soul age has 7 stages. Currently the majority of Humans on Earth is in the Young Soul age and in aprox 50 years we will turn the corner into Mature Soul. Everything happening in the World is the turning to this event. Alot of souls in the higher dimensions is working to assist Earth and Humanity in this. 

When the soul reach the last stage of Old Soul the soul 'cycles off' the planet and has completed the first dimension. The soul then continues up to the higher astral Plane to learn there. Onwards it goes untill Soul reunites with other souls into a WE formation and eventually the Soul is reabsorbed into Essence and Essence into Tao. 



Conspiracies are inherently political, so I think your question is wrong. 

As if LBJ conspiring with Israel to shoot JFK and same conspiring with Cheney to take down the WTC are obviously acts with tremendous political ramifications.  

The belief in the lie is also a form of political control, which is a form of mind control.  You are supposed to be trained as a good american to refuse to see or acknowledge even the most obvious conspiracies.  

This is why the entire american media is obsessed with collusion, which is the same thing as a conspiracy.  They can't admit it, after all this, now all they can do every day is talk about how everything is a big conspiracy of one kind or another.  

Meanwhile the military bombs freely on the map in Syria and no american(even the soldiers preparing to be sacrificed i suspect) has any clue what is going on over there whatsoever except her da der 9/11 never agin!  

I do not think it is possible to have politics without conspiracy and a conspiracy without a political dimension is actually difficult to imagine.  Even mice conspire in some circumstances.  Wolves in a pack may conspire.  

You are allowed to conspire in a political campaign over what your messaging will be and when you propose legislation in congress.  It's' not an absoslute thing.  

There is simply a space in human culture and society where people need to think freely and look at the actual connections behind the scenes, which we know very well to be well crafted veneers like the paint job on a Trump construction project.  

This should it be shameful, oh you're one of those, or oh you are talking about the conspricy woo woo needs to stop.  it's just a part of thinking.  

Not all conspiracies are bad, anyone who says there aren't any bad and/or important ones though is trying to control your brain and that is not going to go well for you and yours.  

The question is, can you say something intelligent about the problems?  

Or just as good, what do you think is the most important issue affected by the worst secret?  

It isn't so much a simulation.  We live in the 3rd dimension, which is a low vibrational frequency.  We aren't able to manifest reality very well in a lose vibrational state.  Thus it's easier to "trick" spirits into certain ways of thinking and believing here.  And yes the Elites and aliens are working together to keep us here but they can't FORCE us to.  They can only trick us into agreeing to stay.  And a lot of us are fooled.Sometimes I think that maybe time is a human prison in a way. Time doesn't exist in a cosmic sense the way we perceive it. When you use psychedelics or when you dream, time can be distorted, or cease to exist altogether. 
If we didn't have to take life one page at a time, we would already know everything. 
What if Deja vu is just the veil of time slipping just a little bit. Just a glimpse of the type of understanding that would occur if we lived outside of time.

I also sometimes like to play around with the thought that deja vu is just moments in which your life intersects with the lives of alternate dimension versions of you.

Deja vu is pretty far out shit.Far out man. It seems we are *pretty* much on the same page. 
Except what I am saying is that we only have the opportunity here on Earth to exercise our free will. This is according to the mystery traditions. After life we do not have the same power to exercise our free will and it is important to realize that. 

One of the main reasons the Christ came down to earth was to give us the ability to control our destinies as mankind had become very corrupt and was not heading towards a desirable future. This would not have been necessary if "nothing mattered" in relation to your moral/ethical life on earth because the Christ could have waited until the after life to "save" us...but He did not.  

Your serial killer anology is a good one except...heinous acts have the power to prolong your after life in a hell dimension while you "pay for what you have done". Yes you will be reborn but you might be reborn in Africa and get hacked to death at 3 years old...you might have to be reborn as a fetus soon to be aborted, repeatedly until you have burnt off your karma. I am only hypothesizing here but my point is that it very much does matter what you do here on Earth. 

Your soul does not have as much free will as it does here on Earth. This is a mystery tradition spiritual truth...not even the angels or the archai or the archangels have as much free will as we have on earth. It sounds strange but its true. Angels are under the authority of higher powers and do not choose to help or hinder, they only do what they are told.&gt; If I may ask you one more thing, is there no room in your worldview for the possibility of life elsewhere in the universe? Or for other dimensions, or even perhaps other universes?

Nope, there is no "universe" it's a mathematical construct that is pushed by Nazi style propaganda from the so called space agencies (operation Paperclip).  We are within a firmament (dome of some sort) and nobody can get out (operation fishbowl).  There is another dimension of sorts though and it's the spiritual one.

&gt; Are you absolutely sure that people taking entheogens are without question communing with demons? 

I am yeah.  It's called Sorcery in the Bible.  Lucifer with his entertainment industry just makes everyone think it's throwing fireballs.  It's not, it's Greek root is pharmakeia and it's one of the main ways to interact with devils in the spiritual realm.  They will though make themselves out to be whatever you want to hear.Maybe they're not headlights, but something we don't understand that looks like headlights or something akin to lights on a plane. If these beings are inter-dimensional then these lights could be some byproduct of bringing a vehicle from a dimension with one set of dimensional physics or rules to another one with a much different set.research the Annunaki. David Icke claims that the Annunaki are the 4th Dimension Reptilians.Also we are dimensional entities to other  Entities that are in other  frequencies then us. All time era are going on as we go about are lifes and sometime things crosspaths. Think of reality as pages of one big book .  Different dimension and time all  Exist in the same book just differt  Pages. Well I overdosed on Coricidon/basically robotripping sophomore year trying to break through the 4th dimension. I remember feeling like shit, I shouldn't of swallowed 20 pills as my stomach hurts so bad. Went to my room, stared at an Alex Grey poster as it started to move and transform and a soul arose out of the middle of the picture and I blacked out. I remember looking at myself on my bed from the ceiling of my room, flying out the window, and somewhere after that I died and was told it's not my time yet. Woke up 2 days later to my door off the hinges, parents were worried about me, somehow they knew my energy was slipping. Wish I remembered more but after this experience i never questioned if there was an afterlife. Reality is composed of three spatial dimensions. All objects existing in that three dimensional space make up reality. Within that three dimensional space, objects are in constant flux but matter is neither created nor destroyed.

Now, let us consider fractal scaling. If by higher dimension, you mean, a greater fractal order... such that the craft got so incredibly small or big that would still simply be a larger fractal order but still within three dimensions and still part of the one reality.

Fact is, you can't define what you mean because 'higher dimension' and 'out of reality' make absolutely no sense. However, I have given you an 'out' by allowing a higher or lower fractal order. Perhaps our entire universe is on a leaf in a lab and these super beings have an amazing shrink ray which lets them visit our 'scale' or perhaps the reverse is true... these beings live in the space between atoms and used a giganto ray to fractal scale to our size.

Regardless of which one you choose, there is only one reality universe and three spatial dimensions.x, y, z - you mentioned them

t - progressing through this dimension at a constant rate

others - ask theoretical physicists. You would likely get more info on the answer in r/askscience. I have seen references to dimensions beyond the 4th in scientific literature - however it is not my field of expertise, and I think you could get better info on it by reading the literature.

Unproven theoretical construct? Maybe.  
"make absolutely no sense" - failure of your comprehension.we are in what is called the "physical dimension". most people think the astral is non physical. that is incorrect. i would call the astral 75% physical. if someone punches you in the astral you still feel it.Ya that’s exactly what I mean, it’s those near death moments where you actually die but in this “other dimension” or other reality you are still aliveNice. I've been thinking about this being a possibility as well. I kind of have a feeling that when we die more than live in these separate universes that the ones that are still alive will be more drawn to death itself. I don't think our consciousness "collects" into one body though. Especially if there are multiple selves. I think when we die these parts of consciousness go beyond our dimension into one where space and time are irrelevant,meaning when we died no matter where or when our consciousness would collect at this point and seem instant in every reality for everyone. In our observable reality tho. I think maybe crazy and suicidal people may have died too many times across these universes and are missing the whole of themselves in this other dimension. I would be very interested to hear some accounts of things you’ve seen over the years if you’d like to share? I agree with what you said that not every voice or vision is mental illness. I believe there are real spiritual forces of good and evil that affect us in our dimension in sometimes strange ways. I live in a liberal area of the US and  even fellow Christians are hesitant to speak about the validity, frequency and seriousness of these occurrences. I didn't know xxxtentacion, but Anthony Bourdain was a particularly special soul to me who opened my eyes to a different way of seeing the world. He was a kindred psychonaut and fellow traveler. I knew who Kate Spade was in general.

But I maintain it isn't satanic. Demonic would be closer, but demons are actually higher dimension / density Service to Self (STS) entities. The sacrifices are literally food in exchange for power. Kate Spade and Bourdain were exposing child trafficking. I don't know that xxxtentacion had anything to do with that, but I hear he had entry of enemies. Trump playing 70 dimension chess planning his moves 20 years in advance  GR works in engineering, but I want to get some codes/equations that allow us to hack reality so we can get antigravity, wormhole travel, zero point energy, become deathless, transform into higher vibrational beings, etc.

If they are true codes, then we can easily change the wake/debt slavery system going on and rise up to a higher dimensionYes, I know that dog whistle pitch. When I say lower I mean the lower fourth dimension where negative entities reside.&gt; Residing just off our own frequency in the lower fourth dimension are entities that have come to be known as “Archons.” These entities are disincarnate beings who lack creative intentionality but are experts at manipulating and parasiting off others’ energy fields. They are also by many accounts the controlling consciousness on this planet which has utilized the human species as an energy farm for thousands of years. When a person takes DMT or ayahuasca, they are essentially projecting their soul-body into the lower fourth dimension and putting it at the mercy of these energetic parasites.

I find it interesting that the second half of your post, you say matter-of-factly without flinching as you believe it to be absolute truth... Yet, you are skeptical that something that is naturally produced within the body can interact with the brain?

Do not take this observation as an attack on you.  It just seems, from the outside looking in, things are a little... backwards.Yes supposedly there is an 8 dimensional shape (E8 quasicrystal) similar to a tetrahedron that is the source of all geometric patterns we see in the third dimension. Confusing to explain. I’m also not that educated on it. I’ll have to check out your video.

But basically what I’ve gathered so far is that if there really is a shape that dictates the way reality builds itself, kind of like an underlying permanent landscape (similar to a mold or template??) shaping the ever changing material world... well then the same patterns dictated by the coding of the matrix are going to show up everywhere. Curious the name of god (the Tetragrammaton) is related to tetrahedrons as well. Nassim Haramein says the Tetragrammaton/tetrahedron is the shape of the vacuum of space.“simulated universe” theory meme is both overdone and *none of those talking about it seem to understand it or take it to the logical conclusion*:  it is entirely irrelevant!  If you are Christian, then God created reality, if you are some “tech religion type” then Other-Than-God created the universe as a simulation.  **How is one different from the other?**

If we are part of a simulation, it is *infinitesimally unlikely* that it resembles “The Matrix” movies where one can “wake up” to “reality”.  If we are stimulants, we are computer code.  Computer code cannot exit a computer and exist.  If reality *is* a simulation, then the simulation *is* our reality; therefore, reality = reality and nothing is changed.

I think ghosts are most likely a combination of a person’s subconscious mind (*possibly* even tapping into an existence of a collective unconscious).  These would be when people see loved ones or family members who are dead; ghosts the person recognizes.

For other things, I think you are on point but failing to combine multiple dimensions *with* “no arrow of time”!  I think that one essential makes the other necessary anyway.  Somehow things overlap, maybe a poltergeist throwing something is actually an explosion going off in a dimension that happens to “touch” the area of the object?

 The Internet is another dimension?  Say what?  I used to be a network engineer.  I know inside and out how it works, as do hundreds of thousands of geeky tech dudes.  We could setup our own Internet tomorrow, and many tech people have similar model environments in their homes.  You are creating a ridiculous hypothesis based on your own lack of understanding of the technology.You can set up an internet connection but can you tell me where it exists? I mean I’m willing to listen to you and I understand this shit sounds crazy but you don’t see how the internet is almost like a place? We are both in Reddit world right now. A space between wherever you live and wherever I live and it can fit in my pocket. Miles and miles worth of scrolling in my hand. Isn’t that kind of like a dimension??Thankfulness? Ridiculous. There is no need for any being of **Infinite Expansion** to thank any of these despicable **False Deities** who set up a **Simulated Reality* to enslave other beings. Basically a group of garbage con artists enslaved this dimension and its adjacent afterlife realm. Entertaining wild ideas is fine, but you should have some kind of rational basis for entertaining the idea in the first place. I don't entertain the idea that unicorns from another universe control America from a bunker in the 6th dimension, because I have no rational reason to. Let's examine the rationality of this statement:

&gt;sine wave looks like a serpent, like Satan. Also reminds me of the Uroboros (the snake biting it’s own tail to representing infinity) Kind of a stretch, but the Bible also tells us we die because of sin.. or is it sine? What if sine wave is another way of saying time wave? Saying we die because of sin could really mean we die because of time, which is true. Now we’re told time is money and money is time - well turn the sine wave on its side and it looks like a $. Now who runs this world? The love of money is the root of all evil

Let's start with:

&gt;sine wave looks like a serpent, like Satan.

Why not a legless lizard, worm, or other similarly shaped specie? Why a serpent specifically? There is no rationale here, merely a similarity in form between the two, and zero logical reason to "connect" these dots.

&gt;the Bible also tells us we die because of sin.. or is it sine?

It was sin. The etymology of the word sin is likely latin for sont, or "guilty". Sine has nothing to do with that, sine comes from latin for "sinus" or "curved". The similarities between the two are cursory and only related in the english language, which the bible had zero relation to, and zero basis in. This proposition has no logical basis.

&gt;What if sine wave is another way of saying time wave?

As far as I know, there is no relation between sine and time. May as well say, "what if sine wave is another way of saying spaghetti meatball sub wave?"

&gt;Saying we die because of sin could really mean we die because of time, which is true.

We don't die because of time, we just stop passing through the temporal dimension known as time, as sentient human beings with material bodies, as far as science can discern. This has nothing to do with time, except in regards to the relationship between the repeated replication of human cells across many generations, which are tracked by the replication of those cells over time. If you could put a person into cryostasis, and you did so for a million years, they'd still be alive when you took them out of stasis, despite having been "alive" for a million years. Time didn't kill this theoretical person, and it isn't what is responsible for your death, or anyone's death for that matter. Time is no more responsible for death than the spatial dimensions. Even if that statement were true, which it isn't, it wouldn't mean anything, because the previous statement, which came before it, had no logical basis. If you take "we die because of sin" or "sine" to mean "we die because of time" in that, we die as our organisms attempt to remain alive over a period of time and fail to continue to do so over a certain period of time, something like 60+ years, then okay. So what, nothing that came before that statement has any remote basis in logic, and those statements themselves are not logically related in any way, either. I may as well be saying, "we die as a result of sin, but what if that means, we die as a result of Shrimp Scampi?"

&gt;Now we’re told time is money and money is time - well turn the sine wave on its side and it looks like a $.

Again what logical connection exists here? Is there a reason to suggest that there is some kind of esoteric or metaphysical connection between the dollar sign and the sine wave? You know what also looks like a sine wave? The letter "S". Is there an esoteric connection between the letter "S" and "sine"? No? Why not? Time is money is a pretty common saying, sure. Maybe this would mean something if there was some relationship between sin and sine, and then sine and time, but none of this was established on a logical or scientific basis of any kind. Here, I can do this, too.

Well, you've heard the saying, "the straw that broke the camel's back, right?" Well, what about the **paw** that broke the camel's back. Paws are like feet. I know it's a stretch, but we know it takes a great feat to turn a desperate situation around, and feat is like "feet" so what if it really means, "the feat that broke the camel's back" and it's actually not meant to mean "the final straw" but rather, "the last second savior". See. None of that makes any sense and you shouldn't believe any of it without evidence.

&gt;Now who runs this world? The love of money is the root of all evil.

The love of money is not the root of all evil. Trust me, some of the worst, most savage, inhuman acts, have been carried out by people with no regard to money. The human condition is the root of all evil. Evil is within all of us. The Nazis were you and I, no different. This is gibberish that leads you away from the truth, because it leads you away from using your rational mind to discern truth. It's negligent at best, and destructive at worse.
You are very advanced for your age. Everything and nothing being the duality of existence is a big one. The Yin Yang depicts this idea perfectly. Nothing and something endlessly intertwined yet they are made out of each other. 

Time doesnt exist outside of a perceiving entity. Our awareness bubble exists in a linear dimension where each moment gets piled on to the next. We actually exist in an infinite, nonexistant moment as contradictory as that sounds. Outside of a perceptual existence everything happens in one infinite moment. All processes of the infinite energy from negative infinity to positive infinity in a singularity.Good post, thanks. I agree with frequencies being important becouse All is Energy, frequency and vibration. And while i do believe AI is already here and operating behind the screen(s) it do not believe it already has taken over our complete "reality". I can see too much effort to gain more influence over people and this would not have to happen if AI was already in full controll.

Also, while i do believe the Mandela Effect is very real, i do not believe c ern or d wave are responsible. I believe it is a natural Affect of Life and changing perspectives. I do think c ern and consorts may be trying to open a portal to an other dimension to let enteties free in this world.Your theory does make sense, "they" are always trying to focus our attention on their desired future or distract us from thinking critical and uniting. On the Human level this is done by means of propaganda, religion, education, money and other things. On an other level this is done by means of manipulating our Energy/ Vibe through directly through wifi, cell phones and other tech. 

The one thing AI can't do is create, that's why it is trying to get between all layers of our Life and existance.

A Singulairity is Natural, think of before the "big bang" and IMO it stands for an "portal" to an other "level" of Life and "reality". The 3 futures i see are: 1 5th dimensional Positive in wich the whole world realises their true creative power, unite and together evolve as a singulair species into 5D.; 1 5th dimensional negative in wich people collectively fail to grap their power and become overwhelmed by the AI take-over. In this dimension our Natural Human power will be substituted by artificial tech and we will be monitored, influenced and manipulated every second of our existance. And 1 3th dimensional nutral future, to where people go after the went through their personal singulairity and are "weighted" "too light" for whatever reason. They will be able to reach one of the 5th dimensions once they are ready.

I think all futures can and will happen and it it only a matter of our Global and Personal perceptions and perspectives wich one we conscious will create/ experience.The Earth is a sort of prison or training ground. The third dimension is a relatively low form of being that you don't really belong in. But you may only ascend through improving yourself and realizing that the entire world around you is in your control, subconsciously. When you die you'll either have to come back, put on the veil that makes you forget your past tries, and try again until you're ready, or you'll move up to the fourth density. Harness complete control or your mind and self conscious and you can change the whole world yourself. Other people choose to sell their souls for more power or stuff in this density. Your choice.If you think the 3rd dimension is holographic, wait till you see the 4th dimension 🌀.It is not possible for a physical body to travel through time. You can use your conscious to travel through time though by entering the higher dimensional plane of energy which is basically a single point that also infinite including all the processes in an infinite loop of the actually physically world in which you are aware as a percieving entity inside the superficial perceptual dimension of a conscious energy.Evil forth dimension archontic entities are on top of the pyramid ruling this world. Why do you think occultism is so frequently practiced amongst the elite? Atheists are not allowed to be freemasons!

Wake up you , embrace your spirituality and I dont mean the major religions no, listen to that inner eternal flame inside you  that we all share as common. What do you mean by fourth dimension? When I hear that I think tesseract.&gt;Intentional or not, the gist of your response suggests that it would be pointless to fight back. It's a common response.

That is projection.  If it wasn't, you'd be able to cite specific quotes other than "the jist."

&gt;You're saying public opinion is whatever they say it is

If you disagree with this statement, then why would you be concerned about astroturfing?  That is literally the goal of astroturfing:  to distort public consensus by reflecting a false majority.  On Reddit, and on any social media that can be manipulated by astroturfing, the appearance of public consensus will be manipulated.  If it can be, it will be.  Therefore, we can be told what public opinion allegedly is, even if it is false.

&gt;We also do not know that one of the primary purposes of the NSA programs is to manipulate social media on a mass scale.  It is possible that astroturfers could have access to NSA databases

The NSA is under the aegis of Department of Defense.  Fort Eglin is Department of Defense and they have been caught manipulating social media.  Operation Earnest Voice is Department of Defense.  If you think that NSA is not sharing information within their own Department, then I wonder if you are being unintentionally or intentionally obtuse.

Chess is extrapolation.

Scientific hypothesis of unknown particles, a common practice, relies on extrapolation of evidence.

**The existence of Stingray and Dirtbox (surveillance hardware) was undisclosed to the public -- completely unknown -- URL_REPLACED** *based on no evidence except extrapolation.*

If he didn't extrapolate the probability of its existence, and force its discovery in court, we would still not know about it.

&gt;but we should be careful not to discourage others, even unintentionally, just because some things are possible

I would think most people would be more discouraged by your apparent insistence that we should not mistrust the government or our social media landscape, or even the Internet itself, even if surveillance &amp; disruption is possible, unless we have confirmed documents.

From Operation Shamrock to Operation Chaos to Cointelpro, nothing I have stated is without historical precedent.  The only difference between those 3 and current day is the modern Internet method of data collection &amp; disruption.  It is worth noting that Putin may have been wrong when he said that the Internet is a CIA project, because CIA is not Department of Defense.  The Internet was a DARPA project.  DARPA is Department of Defense.

&gt;I picked three claims I'd like to see evidence of.

&gt;&gt;Reddit is a Department of Defense project.



Reddit was started with seed money from Y-Combinator.  One of the founders of Y-Combinator, Robert Morris, is from a Bell Labs family.  Bell Labs is a private company that is so closely associated with secret Department of Defense contracts/R &amp; D that URL_REPLACED.

The NSA claims URL_REPLACED or an interlock between three names.  The distance between NSA father to son to Reddit is 3 hops, the NSA's own basis for suspicion and investigation.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_K._Jones DARPA, Department of Defense, University of Virginia Computer Science program

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Huffman University of Virginia Computer Science program, Co-founder of Reddit


Reddit was started with seed money from Y-Combinator.  One of the 4 founders of Y-Combinator is Robert Morris. URL_REPLACED.  NSA is DoD.

The NSA claims URL_REPLACED or an interlock between three names.  The distance between NSA father to son to Reddit is 3 hops, the NSA's own basis for suspicion and investigation.




Reddit was started with seed money from Y-Combinator.  One of the founders of Y-Combinator, Robert Morris, is from a Bell Labs family.  Bell Labs is a private company that is so closely associated with secret Department of Defense contracts/R &amp; D that URL_REPLACED.

The NSA claims URL_REPLACED or an interlock between three names.  The distance between NSA father to son to Reddit is 3 hops, the NSA's own basis for suspicion and investigation.

Co-founder of Reddit Steve Huffman went to University of Virginia's Computer Science program under Anita K. Jones, ex-DARPA &amp; Department of Defense.  Again, using the NSA's own standard of "3 hops" it looks like an association of opportunity.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_K._Jones 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Huffman

Should we have the same standards of suspicion for the NSA that they have for us?

&gt;&gt;Every upvote/downvote/comment you make goes into your threat assessment profile. Every upvote/downvote/comment you make helps the Pentagon improve their psychological operations.

URL_REPLACED:

Transcript:

&gt;"... Here's the real grand design:  Every domain -- think of a domain as an activity:  phone calls, banking -- if you think of *graphing each domain* and then (take) each graph and turn it (sideways to visualize) into a third dimension.  The trick now is to map through all the domains in 3D.  Pulling together all the attributes (activity) that any individual has.  In every domain.  So now I can pull your entire life together.  From all those domains.  And map it out.  And show your entire life.  Over time."

URL_REPLACED

Transcript:

&gt;"... Once [NSA] takes in data (from the interception of all U.S. electronic communications), **they build profiles of everybody in that data.**  The purpose is to monitor what everybody is doing.  You build social network maps for everybody, that turns into the graph, you index all that data to the graph.  You can (monitor) the community...  That involves anybody in the country."

Binney does not explicitly name Facebook or Twitter or Reddit.  It is disingenuous for anybody to claim that when Binney says *all social media* and *all electronic communications* are *being not only stored but* **"graphed in 3D"** by the NSA (DoD) that he's not including Reddit.

Whether Binney is to be trusted is another matter.  Whether he is a plant is another matter.  Whether he is an informant, psychological operation or double-agent, unwitting, witting, or partially-witting, we do not know.  But his claims are clear:  Reddit is being data-mined by the NSA (DoD).  At minimum, it is for threat assessment and profiling.

Once again, *it is the design flaws of Reddit, largely with invisible implications to its users, that make it dangerous to users and advantageous to astroturfers &amp; data-miners.*  These design "flaws" are so advantageous that a KGB-style hidden microphone in your house would offer less revealing information.

&gt;&gt;Reddit is the Pentagon's cheapest, easiest, most poisonous, most unlimited weapon to change public opinion. Because public opinion will be whatever the unlimited astroturf army says it is.

URL_REPLACED.

Reddit may or may not be a wholly-owned and operated subsidiary of the Pentagon; it is a public platform that can be adopted/hijacked by the Pentagon without accountability or limits, which is enough to classify it as a psy-op project priority for the Pentagon.

If Operation Earnest Voice is not intended for Reddit, the #3 website, then where is Operation Earnest Voice intended to be used?

Facebook is likely more weaponized than Reddit to change public opinion or distort the reality of public opinion.  Facebook has more CIA ties than DoD, which is why I estimate Reddit as the Pentagon's favorite, although I freely admit that none of us can know whether the Pentagon has cheaper, easier, more poisonous, or more unlimited psychological warfare options than Reddit.  But if they do or don't, DoD is engulfed in motive, means &amp; opportunity with all social media platforms.

&gt;The effect is significantly diminished if you suspect the person could be a marketer (or government spokesperson).

We agree on that, if only without the need for citation to warrant inductive reasoning on what constitutes confirmation of opportunistic involvement &amp; activity by DOJ &amp; DoD.&gt;Intentional or not, the gist of your response suggests that it would be pointless to fight back. It's a common response.

That is projection.  If it wasn't, you'd be able to cite specific quotes other than "the jist."

&gt;You're saying public opinion is whatever they say it is

If you disagree with this statement, then why would you be concerned about astroturfing?  That is literally the goal of astroturfing:  to distort public consensus by reflecting a false majority.  On Reddit, and on any social media that can be manipulated by astroturfing, the appearance of public consensus will be manipulated.  If it can be, it will be.  Therefore, we can be told what public opinion allegedly is, even if it is false.

&gt;We also do not know that one of the primary purposes of the NSA programs is to manipulate social media on a mass scale.  It is possible that astroturfers could have access to NSA databases

The NSA is under the aegis of Department of Defense.  Fort Eglin is Department of Defense and they have been caught manipulating social media.  Operation Earnest Voice is Department of Defense.  Its stated purpose is astroturfing.  If you think that NSA is not sharing information within their own Department, then I wonder if you are being unintentionally or intentionally obtuse.

Chess is extrapolation.

Scientific hypothesis of unknown particles, a common practice, relies on extrapolation of evidence.

**The existence of Stingray and Dirtbox (surveillance hardware) was undisclosed to the public -- completely unknown -- URL_REPLACED** *based on no evidence except extrapolation.*

If Daniel Rigmaiden, under arrest, didn't extrapolate the probability of its existence, and force its discovery in court, we would still not know about it.

&gt;but we should be careful not to discourage others, even unintentionally, just because some things are possible

I would think most people would be more discouraged by your apparent insistence that we should not mistrust the government or our social media landscape, or even the Internet itself, even if surveillance &amp; disruption is possible, unless we have confirmed documents.

From Operation Shamrock to Operation Chaos to Cointelpro, nothing I have stated is without historical precedent.  The only difference between those 3 and current day is the modern Internet method of data collection &amp; disruption.  It is worth noting that Putin may have been wrong when he said that the Internet is a CIA project, because CIA is not Department of Defense.  The Internet was a DARPA project.  DARPA is Department of Defense.

&gt;I picked three claims I'd like to see evidence of.

&gt;&gt;Reddit is a Department of Defense project.

Reddit was started with seed money from Y-Combinator.  One of the 4 founders of Y-Combinator is Robert Morris. URL_REPLACED.  NSA is DoD.

The NSA claims URL_REPLACED or an interlock between three names.  The distance between NSA father to son to Reddit is 3 hops, the NSA's own basis for suspicion and investigation.

Co-founder of Reddit Steve Huffman went to University of Virginia's Computer Science program under Anita K. Jones, ex-DARPA &amp; Department of Defense.  Again, using the NSA's own standard of "3 hops" it looks like an association of opportunity.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_K._Jones 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Huffman

Should we have the same standards of suspicion for the NSA that they have for us?

&gt;&gt;Every upvote/downvote/comment you make goes into your threat assessment profile. Every upvote/downvote/comment you make helps the Pentagon improve their psychological operations.

URL_REPLACED:

Transcript:

&gt;"... Here's the real grand design:  Every domain -- think of a domain as an activity:  phone calls, banking -- if you think of *graphing each domain* and then (take) each graph and turn it (sideways to visualize) into a third dimension.  The trick now is to map through all the domains in 3D.  Pulling together all the attributes (activity) that any individual has.  In every domain.  So now I can pull your entire life together.  From all those domains.  And map it out.  And show your entire life.  Over time."

URL_REPLACED

Transcript:

&gt;"... Once [NSA] takes in data (from the interception of all U.S. electronic communications), **they build profiles of everybody in that data.**  The purpose is to monitor what everybody is doing.  You build social network maps for everybody, that turns into the graph, you index all that data to the graph.  You can (monitor) the community...  That involves anybody in the country."

Binney does not explicitly name Facebook or Twitter or Reddit.  It is disingenuous for anybody to claim that when Binney says *all social media* and *all electronic communications* are *being not only stored but* **"graphed in 3D"** by the NSA (DoD) that he's not including Reddit.

Whether Binney is to be trusted is another matter.  Whether he is a plant is another matter.  Whether he is an informant, a psychological operation or double-agent, unwitting, witting, or partially-witting, we do not know.  But his claims are clear:  Reddit (and all social media) is being data-mined by the NSA (DoD).  At minimum, it is for threat assessment and profiling.

Once again, *it is the design flaws of Reddit, largely with invisible implications to its users, that make it dangerous to users and advantageous to astroturfers &amp; data-miners.*  These design "flaws" are so advantageous that a KGB-style hidden microphone in your house would offer less revealing information.

&gt;&gt;Reddit is the Pentagon's cheapest, easiest, most poisonous, most unlimited weapon to change public opinion. Because public opinion will be whatever the unlimited astroturf army says it is.

URL_REPLACED.

Reddit may or may not be a wholly-owned and operated subsidiary of the Pentagon; it is a public platform that can be adopted/hijacked by the Pentagon without accountability or limits, which is enough to classify it as a psy-op project priority for the Pentagon.

If Operation Earnest Voice is not intended for Reddit, the #3 website, then where is Operation Earnest Voice intended to be used?

Facebook is likely more weaponized than Reddit to change public opinion or distort the reality of public opinion.  Facebook has more CIA ties than DoD, which is why I estimate Reddit as the Pentagon's favorite, although I freely admit that none of us can know whether the Pentagon has cheaper, easier, more poisonous, or more unlimited psychological warfare options than Reddit.  But if they do or don't, DoD is engulfed in motive, means &amp; opportunity with all social media platforms.

&gt;The effect is significantly diminished if you suspect the person could be a marketer (or government spokesperson).

We agree on that, if only without the need for citation to warrant inductive reasoning on what constitutes confirmation of opportunistic involvement &amp; activity by DOJ &amp; DoD.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inductive_reasoningYeah I'm just a stem major, I wouldn't know anything about science or math... You didn't address my statements, the plane was magnitudes more in every dimension than the towers were built to withstandyes, harvest our consciousness to a new level of evolution

look at https://www.lawofone.info

our species is about to step into the fifth dimension. Currently we reside in the physical "3D" reality where we appear and feel seperate from each other. Within 10 years a solar flash will hit earth and things will never be the same. Be good to others, our time is shortYou stated earlier in your post that when a sine wave acts upon water or sand, it creates patterns. In this case, a hexagonal pattern.  


Then later on, you mentioned that their may be a cube somewhere in Saturn emitting this frequency that causes the hexagonal shape at the pole. At first I thought, "Well, that can't be right, because Saturn does not have a core. It is purely gas." But then I looked it up, and found that astronomers are not 100&amp;#37; certain whether or not Saturn has a core.

That got me thinking. One of the first lessons you learn in trigonometry is that if you were to plot a 2D Circle onto a 2D graph, you get a sine wave. URL_REPLACED.  


So circles are sine waves, and sine waves are circles.  


Are there "sine waves" in the third dimension, just as a 2-dimensional circle equates to a sine wave?

So back to the sound experiment.   


in the second dimensional experiment you have: 

a sine wave

a material 

a flat surface

a hexagonal pattern.

What If Saturn had a cubical Core?  
Lets take that experiment out of a 2 dimensional plane and stretch it into the 3rd dimension.

the "sine wave" is Saturns spherical shape  
the "material" are the gasses 

the "flat surface" is the cube in the center

thus, a hexagonal shape at the pole 

so, what if the pattern is made by the sphere acting upon the cube, and projecting the 2d hexagon into the gasses at the pole?When they magically shifted the basement to another dimension it sort of faded away. So the theory is the particle collision creates a wormhole that allows lower dimensional entities to sneak into this realm (while maybe allowing elites to escape to a higher dimension as well..or so that's their plan). I don't understand how you even see it shoot upwards it's flashes out of sight to me. Time Delonge is crazy but this reminds me of what he talked about on JRE. I think some of these craft blip in and out of reality by creating a gravity sphere around there ship and time passes different inside this sphere and it might take them out of the dimension. What to I know tho I'm just a guy. yay someone with military experience!

Its either advanced government reverse engineered technology or out of this world/dimension. Im glad you mentioned the hovering. Now feel free to look at this sighting

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yODjUxrE4CII get this. Every frame is a possible decision or path you could take.  Every possibility of paths is a different dimension.Dude, just saw the trailer for this... def watching this tonight. This sounds exactly like "were all in a VR sim", how have I not heard of this or anyone mention it before with all this matrix talk. One thing that struck me is when he said "there is another world ontop of us" and how its just one VR sim stacked ontop of the other..... this was actually a thought I had on my own after doing a bunch of random research, like parallel realities in this huge column. I almost feel like it was a mental suggestion... and very well true. I got this theory that the whole "civilization ending catastrophe" that cycles every 10 thousand years or whatever that you hear about is when the dimension ontop of us crashes down ontop of us, forming the next layer of earth..... tons of people don't make it aside from certain groups or safe spots.... and oddly enough, this might be happening soon, or so it feels to me (tho hopefully I am wrong).... all I know is they talk about huge solar flares, lots of odd weather this year, plant growth has been insane and abundant, and the clouds all seem way closer to the ground as well as much stranger and unique formations then ever before. I swear I feel like I have hopped into a different dimension a few years ago, but esp this past year. It because they 2D so if you could see their nose from the front it would mean they gained another dimension and so they wouldn't be an anime girl anymore. What I'm getting at is that real girls are just anime girls with visible noses. There are two

1) We are in a matrix (mentioned in earlier posts)

2) There are intelligent (and possibly malicious) entities from another dimension, frequency, etc. that watch us and interfere when necessary but we in our current state will never be able to sense or interact with them.Read on ..

\&gt;A URL_REPLACED on its head, as well it refutes Adam and Eve and the notion men evolved from Ethiopian ape brutes.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED. 

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED. 

 \* URL_REPLACED, there is a carved stone head half buried in the sand middle right.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED, Opportunity Sol 4182.

 \* URL_REPLACED, Montage, Opportunity Sol 4182.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

Sources URL_REPLACED. 

 \* URL_REPLACED.

 \* URL_REPLACED.

**Data returned by the Soviet** URL_REPLACED**.**

\&gt;Curiosity Rover landed in Gale Crater which is three miles deep and one hundred mi across, which means the impact that formed the crater displaced some 7,500 cubic miles of volcanic ash, to reveal an ancient surface that is in large part intact!

\&gt;The URL_REPLACED, which are said to have occurred between "3.7 billion and 500 million yrs ago." Wiki.

\&gt;The classical civilization that produced the statues and built the URL_REPLACED predated the Tharsis eruptions, which enlarges the evolutionary time frame out of sight, as well it adds the dimension of space travel.

**Take another look at the** URL_REPLACED **one half of the Sesame Street Bert and Ernie brotherhood, is evidence manned missions had been to Mars by the time their characters appeared, which predated the NASA Rovers by decades.**They are interdimensional monsters who want to control the material world to corrupt us and harvest our souls when we die to continue the cycle of suffering and death. The are the reason cops, judges, politicans, priests, and "royalty" exist - to trick people into believing that 'authority' is real and people should be obediant to their "Sumerian right of kingship" which apparently was "lowered from heaven." They project our false reality through the North Pole storm of Saturn which is a portal to their dimension and established religion to keep people worshipping and ignorant to the evil of this world.I think there's a physical dimension and a spiritual/metaphysical dimension.

And contrary to what people believe, the world is an evil place. I mean there's good and bad, but I personally feel there's more bad than good. Society itself is not destructive, but we live in a destructive society. We're being lied to by the media, the food is being poisoned with chemicals, tptb manipulate the currency and use it for their own benefit to destroy and control others. We're being distracted from these evil truths; if people ACTUALLY realized how fucked up the world really is, then they'd be acting differently. But we're bombarded with artificial opiates of every kind so we don't see past our materialistic bubble.I am going to write something really far fetched here, it is not my personal believe but this is what  i picked up in many videos / forums and whatnot:

Everything alive has the „godly“ and „conscious“ part in them. You can be positive or negative. Reality is far more then the 3 dimensions we exist in. If a being is positive enough and has mastered his mind he can somehow ascend into higher dimensions. As i understood it, there is a god that created this earth but also gods that created other worlds. Themselfes being created by other beings and so on until you finally reach the one god, the singularity, the whatver that compartmentalized himself snd gave consciousness to these parts, in order to experience creation and creativity and as a kind of test. The singularity god is like pure love/light/wisdom/positivity... in order for the compartmentalized parts to have free will, there is a dire need for an opposite force. So satan(any bad entity is there for a reason. They are there so humans can actively choose between the good and the evil while they exist in human form. In between earthly lives, the soul return to the earths soul (earth god?) and experience oneness. It is there that they can rejoin with their loved ones, access sll the memories from their live, their past lives and all the memories of the conscious-grid they belong to, if the others choose to share them. It is ones own choice to stay in this „afterlive“, „ascend to a higher dimension“ or „reincarnate“ again to test themselves again in an earthly live. While you incarnate on earth you normally dont have other memories but i think it ties in with some people being able to remeber past lives. For the bad entities: while in this afterlive, you can also actively choose to become a bad force, also serving the purpose of „god“ as the ultimate sacrifice to offer free will. Its merely just a role in their incarnation but also another test for themselves. Some fall to lover density dimension, some still ascend into higher dimension, even though it is harder for them to be all positive again afterwards. Demons are just lover density/ dimensional beings, wheres angels are higher dimensional beings or beings with higher frequency then us. &gt;why would they come here and watch us? I've always thought if you can travel faster than light, you must have technology so advanced that there isn't much that could surprise you in the universe - you'd have seen it all.  
  
You've been duped into thinking inside a small box and applying our traits to them. There's no reason to think they traveled from far away, or that distance even works the same for them as it does for us. They could be from our solar system, they could be one of Earth's previous inhabitants, they could be from another dimension, they could be born with abilities we can't even comprehend; they could be larger than a galaxy and these crafts are their microscopic probes; they could be the ones who created us; this entire planet may be nothing but one of their many Petri dishes.  
This is just a drop in the bucket when it comes to possibilities.  Don't let them dupe you into restricting your thinking so much.That there are intelligent entities living on earth that we cannot see or interact with because they are on different dimension/wavelength/etc. However, they can see and interact with us easily.It's the 2nd heaven up there so yeah something exists there.  Seems to be filled with water.  Could think of it as another spiritual dimension.  One thing is for sure; humans haven't ever been there.Einstein is wrong.  I understand relativity.  They are moving matter at cern at speeds of light.  So if you can bend time and go into another dimension you guarantee a paradox.  Wrong answerI see what you're saying but I think he's more relaying the feeling of it rather than a litteral logic.


For example, a song might take me back and bring me to when I was a teenager again, but, I mean, obviously it literally isn't doing that, yet the feeling of being transported is still there. That's the "dimension or magic" of some things.His equations don't even work out. To the point where you have to add 96% dark matter and dark energy. You might as well believe in the virgin birth. All bs. Scientific goboligook. Einstein was a fraud. Not only that, but he had not a single original thought

Curved space was thought of by Bernhard Riemann. Adding a 4th dimension that of time to geometry to create "space-time", by Hermann Minkowski. The idea that objects contract in proportion to the speed that which that they move, by George Francis, FitzGerald. The notion that the velocity of light in a vacuum was constant regardless of the motion of any object connected with the light ray by Hendrik Lorentz. Was he the first to bring up the impossibility of measuring light through the ether, after the Michelson Morly experiment null results? No! That was actually Henri Poincare. Did he even come up with the name relativity? NO! that was Poincare. How about no velocity can exceed the speed of light? Nope! Poincare! How about that whole clock business? you know, the fact that if you go at the speed of light, you age slower than if you stood on earth? NOPE That was actually Sir Joseph Larmor. Was he the one who came up with matter crinkles curved space? sorry to say no. That was actually William Kingdon Clifford. okok.. what about E=MC2? nope. J. J. Thomson came up with E = 3/4 MC2 and then later on our buddy Poincare came up with E=MC2 when he spoke to mass density in relation to energy density. I can go on and on...lets not forget all the shit he stole from Oliver Heaviside. Dude was a piece of shit. A simple propaganda tool. A patent clerk with no math background. A tool alright.
Trying to reduce our problems to 1 dimension is over-simplification.  i both like and find eerie the idea that 9-11 is almost like a beacon for time travellers / parallel universe jumpers. as an anchoring point almost after which the world was never the same - so you can always tell where /what dimension / etc youre in.It's very interesting that the ancient person on Mars thought that the remote viewer communicating with him was a hallucination.

When people on earth claim to see such things, or ghosts, or other unexplainable phenomena, could it really be a remote viewer from another time, dimension and/or planet? Full disclosure-

Atlantis was always always stupid to me. 


Until I did a potent psychedelic; (which I do not care to mention to anyone)-

It is real- (factually real)---

It is merely a different and 'albeit' ancient dimension of time and space. Accessible **only to those that are welcomed**-

*That is all I will say... *

*Lest I can't go back-* Guys that rc plane looks nothing like OP's video and im just trying to really be against OP's video too because UFO's duhh they dont exist but honestly that looks like something from another dimension definitely a UFO and not an rc plane lol, even I can see that hahah, thats a UFO in the video lol, there are a couple good videos every once in awhile.. I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- URL_REPLACED

&amp;nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\(URL_REPLACED* Best comment here. Many people believe the misconception that the highest of high worship satan/lucifer;  however they worship themselves although its apparent they try to communicate to forces beyond our dimension. They probably look to them as guiding masters when really theyre just deceitful, miserable entities seeking power over their acolytes. Its really amazing how people such as Aleister Crowley or Hillary Clinton subscribed to such life path. The deluded ego is so powerfully manipulative.They are in another dimension. But I believe the ancient Gnostics and animists were correct in saying the planet is alive and sentient. With DMT you dive right into this wondrous world, which I think exists at the level of DNA. The only way to understand it is to do it yourself. DMT/ayahuasca is responsible for more credible alien encounters than any other single phenomenon, so if you want an alien interaction, it's your best bet. URL_REPLACED is larger than I thought.  Nice.I just look around the world today and see everyone tied to their jobs, slaves to the system. Everything comes at a price no matter what you do. I just feel like there could be something more, 

But feelings aside, we have no fucking perception of the 4th dimension, let alone any dimensions higher than that. If a 2D ant were to walk in a circle, it would think it is walking infinitely straight forever because it has no conception of spheres. That’s why our 3D universe seems infinite when in reality it’s probably totally different to the 4th dimension. 

Plus, we still haven’t figured out a lot of things at subatomic level, and many people speculate it’s because eventually it’s just pixels/qubits, however that’s speculation obviously which is why I mentioned it second, as I can’t confirm or deny that as we don’t know. 

But it seems very likely, and be that as not a fact, but try to you look at the world around you and really analyze what’s going on and I’m sure you’ll start to see what I’m referring to simulation-wise. 

DMT helps too, which while I have not tried yet, have researched a lot and seems to help you connect beyond the simulation to your true soul, but then again, all speculation.

Hope that helps you understand where I’m coming from. What if Mars is a projection of our future? A future that is known(by it being named Mars- God of War), but as we rid this planet of what would be it's demise... we begin to see what appears to be the red Planet's transformation: from just being able to support life.... To overnight becoming a super advanced civilization.

One we can visit, finally ascending from the 3rd Dimension (3rd planet from the son) into the forth. You do not move on. You go back to the "Absolute" which is were consciousness comes from. Little pieces of it breaks off to experience "life" and cycles through life over and over. We are eternal. We are not immortal. We are consciousness and we are all connected. We are all bits of the same consciousness from "the original thought" from the Creator that brought about life. We can go back to the "absolute" but if we do we will not return. At least not to this dimension/world. Maybe they cannot appear to us because they are in a different dimension of some sorts not by their choice or doing. They are only visible to people who are "tuned in". That'd be similar to Land Of The Lost since that was in a different dimension.Listen, friend, this isn't a belief. Flat earth is sort of like a fantasy and could probably make for some cool sci-fi novel. Hell, I believe in the membrane theory where there's thousands, millions of dimensions (okay so far only like 10 have been theorized with incredible evidence), much like the string theory as well. Perhaps, in one of those dimensions everything is flat. Flat earth, flat moon, flat mars- Jupiter-sun-Uranus all that jazz. However, for this specific dimension that we currently reside in, it is not flat. That's the closest I can come to a mutual agreement with a flat earther. 

For right now, people who fly planes, survey engineers/ground surveyors, long range ballistic calculations, and sailors all utilize known laws and theories to navigate and accurately build structures or drop bombs/bullets. If the earth was flat, the methods they use to succeed in their jobs would fail every single time. They do calculate the slight curvature between short distances and long distances- they would fail. There's no way that these people would calculate the curvature for short or long distances, and the supervisor or CEO come in and swap calculations for flat earth model..."to keep them in the dark about the real flat earth" c'mon now. Doncha love how you have to put a disclaimer about racism and religion just to speak your opinion on some topics?

&gt; In most cases they say that they base their worldview on 'science' (without being scientists themselves in any field).

I particularly enjoyed this comment. Most people who are dogmatic about science can't tell you what 'standard deviation' means, but they are completely confident in a number of scientific conclusions that I find preposterous.

Like... plate techtonics, global warming, and the composition of the sun. They say things like, "You know, we are living in a 9 dimensional universe, and I agree with the Copenhagen interpretation". 

NO YOU DON'T! You have FAITH in those things, but you can't even imagine what a 9 dimension universe even means.

Some of the conclusions of science are downright wacky. Schrodenger created a thought experiment to show just how daffy QM is, and most people think he was trying to EXPLAIN QM with the thought experiment.

Maybe there is an ether... maybe not... but at least we know the speed of light is constant, except for when it is not.Yes. I believe your heart is the 4th dimension. If you follow it, it leads you to the 5th dimension. All of "all" is working together at the same time. Improving the moment, improves the future, as well as the past.

Source: I've been on an incredible 4 year journey, following symbols and learning the language of the universe, trying to find freedom from 3rd dimensional challenges. 

This whole trip has been blessed, and that is the point; you were always meant to find your treasure. So follow your heart!

I met God, I met a King, I met a real life Genie - at a real life magic ceremony, made a wish, found a real life treasure map, (with my very unusual name right on it) that led me to the Caribbean, where I found my treasure! The 4d journey was incredible, and led to 5d riches! That's "the secret", it's all real. 

I've got 15 days left on this journey, and I just want to make it home safe, (there was a drive-by 50 feet from me, an hour ago), to share my treasure with my two children! I am happy and content with life. I have all the treasure in the world!

I hope you find what you are looking for = )The comparison you just clearly described is:

The fourth dimension perception of a sphere is is like the three dimension perception of a circle.

Looking down and around me I can guarantee you I am a three dimensional being living in a three dimensional world.


The Earth is not a two dimensional circle what the fuck are you talking about.Stick Indians were described to me as a creatures that live in the woods.  Kind of like spirits, they're supposedly some kind of inter-dimensional being.  Just like bigfoot is said to exist in a different dimension or reality which is why the stories tell of its ability to appear / disappear.  Most native people that believe in them won't discuss them or even use their native word for stick indians - it's often avoided and is taboo to discuss.  It's best not to talk about them, and not to utter their name.

The stick indians hang out in the forest and like to play tricks on people if you get their attention.  If they find you amusing then they may behave benevolently, but if you annoy them they're said to do awful things and will try to kill you.  You can get their attention by whistling in the woods, disrespecting the plant and animal life, or even thinking about stick indians.  That's the hard part as its tough not to think about something when you're specifically told not to.  They can read your thoughts so you have to try and purge your mind and heart as best as possible before setting off.

The stick indians save their primary fuckery for the night time, but it can happen during the day as well.  They're said to trick people away from camp by emulating familiar sounds, often described as a group of people laughing and chatting with each other.  You get the impression that everything is okay and that you should go investigate the source of the sounds.  But that's how they get you.  Sometimes they'll kill and eat you, other times you'll just disappear completely without a trace.  If you ever hear sounds in the woods that seem intriguing but out of place you should never investigate them [particularly after dark].

There's more to it, but that's what comes to mind right now.  I suppose they're sort of like the native version of evil leprechauns.Poor old Glenn. You can tell he's wavering. Not quite willing to abandon reality just yet, even as his site sails off to the marketing dimension and his big scoop snowden is turning out to be a spooky trick.

I hope he holds his own, though it'll probably cost him his job in the not-so-distant future. I feel like he will. Difference with him is, he's gone through the wringer - been pulled out of line at the airport, had his stuff nicked, had the media sewage hose turned on him. He's not going to forget who was president at the time, or rather who wasn't.I like where you're going with this, I actually had a similar thought.

I am of the mindset that a lot of "extraterrestrial" life is *FAR* more complicated than we can even begin to comprehend. Everybody can visualize the classic "greys", and the more modern idea of reptilians, but I think that life exists on a level that we cannot physically see--not completely, anyways.

I believe that a number of UFO sightings are, indeed, spacecraft--but I also believe that a number of them are literal living things. I've actually had a personal experience like this, where I saw a light in a tree that seemed to know it was being watched, and it moved back and forth behind the leaves as I turned my head to watch it more.

Where these so-called "intelligences" originate from doesn't even totally matter to me; they could be from the moon, or from a dimension on our own Earth that we cannot normally see. They could always be existing right beside us, just like the flora and fauna we CAN see.

Where I'm going with all of this is, just like you said: They could be intelligent and capable of communication on a human level, but it could be extremely complicated for them to do so by conventional means--or even well-known esoteric means! I've heard many tales of other lifeforms communicating with humans via ESP or dreams, and I believe those stories.

And so, going off of your idea a bit here, I could absolutely see some kind of life form existing that cannot speak, not vocally or even with ESP necessarily, but a life form that IS capable of higher thinking, and IS capable of communication on a human level, and therefore has to do it in really weird complicated ways that barely make sense to us.

It could be that there IS life on the moon, and it IS among us here on Earth. And maybe it can only communicate digitally, through radio waves or even through LIGHT. After all, us humans have discovered some pretty bizarre ways of communication outside of speaking and writing. I'm currently conveying my ideas to you via digital input on a computer, and my words are being illuminated to you on bright lights.

I could go on--just saying, I totally hear ya :)Yahawashi carnated as Jesus Christ he is enki. Enlil is lucifer and that is the government that will be controlled by him. I awakened my Christ consciousnesses and am under the impression that the ones who are worthy will ascend to the 5th dimension to become a Demi god civilisation much like the golden age and those who remain will be in some sort of controlled reality. like their reality will be programmed to keep them occupied while they can harness the soul energy to carry on mining for gold. Maybe hell? Not sure but it's not pretty and it will start with he mark of the beast What if everything is subjective?

What if to some people, the earth really is flat and to others it's not? Like multiple Dimensions existing in the same dimension.

You've got to keep in mind that we all perceive realty differently. One man's real stuff might be another man's fake stuff.

Personally, I don't believe the flat Earth theory and think it's retarded. What I do believe is that we all have our own reality and sense of truth.K, Which "deeds?" Be specific. You said our infrastructure is generating a profit and thats not fair? Please give me an example? 

We're standing on the shoulders of giants and we can thank those who came before us can be thanked for our modern comforts and technology and YES those families should be able to keep their fucking wealth. Anything else is theft and Marxist cronyism. Although I do agree that the dollar is rigged and the federal reserve IS stealing value in the form of inflation but not everyone is as invested in dollars as your average person and wealthy people obviously, usually diversify their assets in ways that dont depreciate. 

And letting families keep their mansions and caviar is NOT ENOUGH. Their predecessors worked extremely hard to guarantee the  safety of dozens of generations of their family and that should be respected to honor their work and also because if we start stealing from people then that will undermine confidence in the whole system and decrease motivation to get wealthy which decreases innovation in technology. Lastly the extremely wealthy people today dont just want comforts but they want life extension technology. That could take the form of bio-technical solutions, baby blood, or even a time machine (going forward using general relativity.) The problem is that some of those life extension techniques are not able to be shared among the masses and that is why they are expensive and it's important that money remains the motivator so those technologies become cheaper in the future but in the future there will always be "winners" that want the privilege of leaping ahead in the relative time dimension and reaping the benefits of the people working on life extension technology in the Earth's time line. I'm familiar with the belief you system you are talking about. It's Heaven's-Gate/Scientology-tier apocalyptic cultish bullshit. Basically, according to this "Law of One" garbage, if you watch a movie about police-state dystopia's, you are giving permission for the illuminati or whatever to put you and everyone you love into a FEMA death camps. And when babies get raped to death it's the babies "free will" because their magical invisible "higher self" that lives in another dimension decided it for him/her. And if you get cancer you deserve it because you thought naughty thoughts. Channeled bullshit that probably came from Russian spies beaming microwaves into gullible New-Agers' skulls.

But I'm open minded, maybe there is truth to what they are saying. In which case, it's stupid to parrot their 1984-ish definitions.  According to that very belief system, repeating that inaction is "consent" is basically giving consent. Calling choices from invisible mysterious forces "free-will" is giving away your free-will. But it should be obvious, that, for example, putting drugs into someone's drink and then raping them when they passed out isn't consent. Which is a very apt metaphor for how civilizations are ruled today.I don't think the universe is a torus, for one you're missing at least 1 dimension and that's assuming you actually meant the solid torus (unless you're ignoring time). Either way do you mean our universe has the topology of a 4-torus (a circle direct producted with a circle 4 times instead of the usual two). The dimensions at the very least have to make sense before I'm diving into that gobbledygook. It's the smallest dimension of the building that makes it difficult to hit, not the largest.I'm sure it will sound dumb, but whatever, it'll be forgotten soon anyway, so here goes:

It's just the way our brains operate, that’s all, and transferring that to the external world instead of relying on 2D or 3D processes.

I only stated 4D because that is what is most commonly used these days for physics - 3 spatial dimensions, plus 1 time dimension (although I argue there should be 3 time dimensions for past, present, and future instead of the static 1 time (equivalent to saying 3 spatial dimensions are "just" 1 dimension), so to me it should be 6d (3 spatial, 3 time)).

Basically, I'm trying to figure out a way to be able to write in a holographic 4d space without having to pre-program the hologram displayed.

There are 3D pens on the market now, however, they in my opinion, aren't useful to what I need to accomplish because they rely on gravity to build the 3 dimensions.  That's too limiting of a factor for me.

The 3D printers that are available are cool, however, about as useful as a printer is compared to writing by hand - it works, but you have to input the design into a machine to be outputted/printed instead of being “the machine” and output your ideas directly.

4D (6D to be more precise) holographic writing in real-time would be ideal for my needs, though not possible yet.In the 4th dimension, Earth looks flat 


THE REALMS OF ANAHEIM!The energy from that star has to go somewhere it can't just disappear. From our perspective, it would seem to disappear but it is only being displaced into another dimension. They can't explain where the energy goes when it is pulled into a black hole. The only thing they can say is that it creates a worm hole that leads to another area in the universe. But the mathematics does not make sense. It is impossible for that much energy to be transferred over such large distances without being seen; there would be evidence of this everywhere, cosidering how many black holes and Stars there are.
     By the way, I bet if you can count the number of stars and black holes in the universe, the number would be the same. There can never be more of one another.I have a hole theory about how the black holes and Stars are directly connected; 
When the stars mass becomes too great, it will implodes and create a black hole, Everyone knows this theory but I Suggest that when the star collapses, it is just forced into another dimension. It doesn't change it's position in space, only the dimension. The black hole and the star still occupy the same space but in different dimensions.One of the whole reasons why "The line of revelations is crossed"

I guess the Bible even mentioned when these assholes would cross the line and despite wealth, they are trying to bargain with Satan by bringing as many consciousness or "souls" down to their dimension as they please a rule given by God himself. 

But God will not let mind control for malevolence pass, there are horrors that I can't even speak of that I know that his army is capable of, his army does not judge or decide the fate of an innocent but turn malevolent, you become their playthings in the duration of time itself, before you are handed over for judgement. 

If I can, I want to trade cards for some good people who chose the wrong fate, "Prisoner exchange" that sort of thing. It really depends on what the BFG up top decides to do, he is literally the ultimate morality of good, and understands evil to its core, and how it can lead to whatever the fuck you are seeing in the world right now. That's why he is to be respected at all times. 

Not only that, since aliens are basically war gods, we know what funny shit is going on down here and it is unacceptable. There are humans who have inner good spirit, despite turmoils and shits they went through they are still kind. And there are malevolent, 1000 year conscious spirits, give them riches, a good face, and they can manipulate everyone into becoming Satan's bitchs, out of fear that they will have to go back to their own dimension 

Wasn't Mars nuked for being assholes? Were the giants (bad ones) completely eradicated/genetically altered because aliens chose the evolution of non assholic species? This so called "Universe" is Holographic. The Astral is just as tangible as this dimension. To go further both; of these dimensions are actually a Simulated Computer Projection.I think it's good to be balanced. I think also it's too early to say that 'we' are winning. The trouble with being too hopeful is that it causes people to go along with the status quo, thinking that maybe since things are happening now, that we can let our guard down, and that we don't have to do much in order to make the world better. This is what is happening with q in my opinion. It is a narrative that is being spun to give people a false sense of trust in the government. And it's a good example about how perceptual imbalance can be used as a weapon against us. 

To elaborate, i think it may be the case that the propagandists who direct public opinion are evolving their tactics. Instead of using fear to keep people from stepping out of line, they take a cue from apocalyptic religions, seeing that if people think a savior is coming, they will sit back knowing they have won and do really nothing of substance in their personal surroundings to improve things. Just as Christians are totally ambivalent to the destruction of our biosphere - they are going to be raptured anyway before the tribulation, and it's inevitable that the earth will become desolate as told in prophecy. So as long as they feel that they are saved, and are storing up their treasures in heaven, the planet itself can just get fucked. And that's not to mention the ascension to the 5th dimension. 

I think that the qanon drain the swamp narrative parallels this. It doesn't ask us to question the fundamental framework of our society, it only promises to fix things for us. We can behave as we always have, but soon we will be free again, just by trusting in the government to cure itself of corruption.

I think that it may be true that a lot of people are in fact, waking up to the darkness that we are mired in. However I firmly believe that the solution lies with us individually choosing to take action in our own neighborhoods, and doing the hard work of parsing through our individual programming and biases, seeking truth above all, asking the hard questions and divorcing ourselves from our belief systems and pleasant delusions.

Fear may be the mind killer, but hope can also be a powerful opiate. Very poetic painting analogy.  I'd like to put this out there in regards to consciousness... I'm also interested in the concept that the universe is a hologram, and changes to it are perceived (why matter can't be created or destroyed?), and that one consciousness is part of that, but existing in many phases to feel individualistic.

It's also thought that our spirits are in an energy Matrix. We exist in a higher dimension, and are locked in these physical bodies. We are a civilization with amnesia ( as Graham Hancock would say). Our history and our existence are kept a mystery because the sense of loneliness generates the most pure form of energy in this matrix/energy farm.  

This understanding was experienced and conveyed by Robert Monroe during one of his many OBEs. This ability is repressed from society as leverage and possibly to help keep us lonely. Instead we are developing similar matrixes in the digital virtual world to further lock away our consciousness (to one day decrypt blochains?).

After death, you will be presented the opportunity to enter *The Light*, deceptively told you will be going to "Heaven", but it will be a gateway back into the matrix to live over again continuing the energy production.

URL_REPLACED. pg.162

He was a pioneer in the exploration of OBEs/Astral Projection, URL_REPLACED.patience. the idea is we've already gotten out the ride but we have to live through it first. We're essentially working through the data. In the dimension above us there's no time and space so everything's already happened. it's very complex. Imagine a simulation within a simulation like inception but with realities merged and we're on the outer layer of the onion. Look up enki and enlil. all upto crit but the idea is we were divine beings in the fourth dimension that were not technologically advanced. We got genetically altered so we could help the annunaki mine for gold. Enki represented by the snake, wanted to help us become like them and to nurture us while enlil (lucifer) represented by the eagle wanted to enslave us while also despising us. of course the experiment got out of hand as some of the 'humans' where savage and turned on everyone so they 'nuked' the planet and implemented a 3rd dimension reality to test us. The idea is we are trapped in this cycle of life and death and our souls get recorded in each life so when the great judgment comes those worthy will be able to return to the 4th dimension to be trained for a 1000 years to become a Demi god like civilisation centred around divine love and those who are unstable souls will be trapped in 'hell' with enlil. the idea is the doomed souls can redeem themselves but it's purely upto them. Lucifers part is to make the system as difficult as possible to test us to the maximum extent. Hence us getting our memories wiped and having to relearn our life lessons and the illusion of suffering etc. he's the great deceiver. you can call it hogwash but look at all the ancient texts etc. souls like the type on this sub have the wisdom encoded in their DNA to break out of the matrix and see our reality for the con it really is and continue living like Christ. hence 'died for our sins' you find out the plan and stop sinning but at the same time you die and have to go through it again. unfortunately with the things I've gathered all you can do is align yourselves with love and empower yourself with enough knowledge so that 'the devil' can't manipulate you. once you find out this realities a con, death is an illusion and that you've lived the same lie 1000s of times before you kind of back out and just take care of yourself (essentially become jesus) until this ascension comes along. your spiritual path will lead you to awakening your Christ consciousness and the devil knows everything you know so itll realise you're protected and can't be manipulated. My biggest advice is to not release in any negative energy. research the archons. parasites feed off the low level energy we release. The trick is once you find out the truth and you can stay sane doing so you're essentially untouchable. it's all a test to see if you're worthy of ascending into a new golden age in the dimension above. the only thing I can say that may give you hope is that the ends getting closer. research Aug tellez he has a blog website and a YouTube video. Lizard men from the lower fourth dimension are not Jews. Someone ought to tell the Zionists that.Yes, but Stitchin's work is about as reliable as the "experts". So while I would caution against taking his work literally or as *entirely accurate*, the same recommendation could be made with the official translations as well. Also if the *sky people* were from another dimension or heavenly realm, then who is to say their *city* is not on another plane or planet? This is where it gets tricky because there is no clearly defined parameters about who or where they came from. Without that many possibilities exist.

I would agree that there's no reason to believe in some mystical planet which is supposed to come around every 3600 years. That being said instead of 'debunking' or pushing people to ignore such things, its better to encourage them to dig into what does exist (in translation), which is just as interesting.

If you want an example of how symbolic languages (this one dead no less) do not translate well, simply put something into Google translate for Chinese.&gt; Oh it exists alright

You sound confident about a there being a supernatural dimension where people's spirits go after they die, but only if a supernatural entity (God) that created everything and listens to everyone's silent prayers, but still continues to let starving children die daily in Africa from horrible diseases even though they've done nothing wrong, and gives 10 year olds blood cancer for no reason, believes that you have been good enough to get in. 

Sounds legit. Where do I sign up? You are not special. No supernatural entity has a plan for your life, is not watching you, or judging you, or keeping tabs on you. You were brought up believing a lie and now as an adult you continue to do so because accepting the truth after all those years would be too painful. Looks like someone watched an episode of Dimension 404. Oh I'm sorry you're on r/conspiracy saying another groups is all crazy, see the problem with that is; It makes you look like an insane hypocrite. 

Never said this was anything other than the ramblings of a mad man as dimension hopping is insane in the first place, the idea behind such is to shatter time just because he is using a machine to do so does not mean the sickness may have roots in something. I am not guaranteeing a complete or partial answer;

I'm just saying that they would not immediately dismiss it like this sub would that's all :)I'm far off than you must be in another dimension.Yea if you read about Jinn in Islam and probably other abrahamic religions it kinda follows the whole other dimension idea where they exist but that we don't have the capacity to interact with them *This was live. Many people participated in this. They all spoke differently, that's the key part. Myziam snapped the photos from above the coordinates within minutes.

And that goes back to my point. The user could have been working together with more than one person on this. Say I have five friends and I give each one a set of coordinates to post, after they post I'll have the picture ready to go. 

*You don't know how 4chan works, do you?

I've been on there, but never posted before today. But again a hoax with multiple people.

*They couldn't have been made ahead of time. The lighting was spot on with the time of the thread. In fact, she [Myziam] refused to take pictures of some coordinates because they were dark.

Again my thinking of multiple people could easily explain this.

I of all people really believe in Aliens. The only part that really gets me is the earth and moon shots. I found this etch a sketch app, and the overlay looks like etch a sketch lines. Maybe they found some pics and overlayed it with some crazy lines.

Another possible reason for the shitty quality is that these "Aliens" don't view things like us. Kinda like a fly's eyes. Maybe they see different dimension or something.
That is a good question. Most of them seem to have come in from another dimension."Every line of serious work that I have written since 1936 has been written, directly or indirectly, against totalitarianism and for democratic socialism, as I understand it."

-George Orwell, "Why I Write" (1946)



"the other crucial dimension to Orwell's socialism was his recognition that the Soviet Union was not socialist. Unlike many on the left, instead of abandoning socialism once he discovered the full horror of Stalinist rule in the Soviet Union, Orwell abandoned the Soviet Union and instead remained a socialist – indeed he became more committed to the socialist cause than ever."

-Orwell biographer John Newsinger


"For some years past I have managed to make the capitalist class pay me several pounds a week for writing books against capitalism. But I do not delude myself that this state of affairs is going to last forever ... the only régime which, in the long run, will dare to permit freedom of speech is a Socialist régime. If Fascism triumphs I am finished as a writer – that is to say, finished in my only effective capacity. That of itself would be a sufficient reason for joining a Socialist party."

-George Orwell, "Why I joined the Independent Labour Party" (1938)



You're conflating transgender with transsexual, btw. Gender and sex are different concepts. Nobody is suggesting that a child have their genitals removed, except in your own head. Good posting. I was fortunate enough to see him speak live at my school and it blew my mind. He was talking about multi-universe theory and other mysteries of the cosmos. But, I digress, in the video he posted, I think what he was implying is that we don't really know what gravity is in the sense that we don't know how it's really made or how it's composed.

For example, or in comparison, there's different forces in the universe right? The 4 big ones are the strong force, the EM (electromagnetic force), the weak force, and at the bottom of the scale is gravitation force. Many people (much smarter than I), have written novels and huge papers detailing the strong and weak forces. The EM force is what magnets put out. Huge application here of understanding EM force, and most college physics courses cover it at a very basic level. EM forces are related to the magnetic field in the scale of our own Earth, down to compasses that you use to calculate where you are on a map. Tesla was a HUGE instigator of using EM forces in his sciences.

Gravitational forces are the weakest, yet they're so incredibly strong. Space is like a blanket, a huge grid if you will. Big gravitational objects create a indent on this field. For example, if you're a visual guy/gal like me, gravity is what creates this URL_REPLACED effect. It's why our moon orbits us. It's basically sitting on a cusp of a indentation of space-time. Coupled with tangential and centripetal acceleration, allows it to orbit us like it does. It's literally a big ol' dent in the space-time field. 

What this means is that it also disrupts time. Time is another dimension. The 4th dimension. The easiest way I've seen people explain this to me is this:

We live in a 3-D world. When you tell someone to meet you for lunch, you give them 3-D coordinates. You tell them, "meet me at this diner which on the corner of this street and this street." That's simplified. You're actually telling them to meet you at "this degree longitude, this degree latitude, and at this elevation". Most of the time, you don't really tell you friend that you're going to meet them at 5,000 feet (I live in Colorado), but you tell them just the X and Y coordinates (on the corner of Main St and Midway). Yet, I hope you understand that you live in a 3-D coordinate system. You're at "this location longitude, this location latitude, and this location of elevation". AKA X,Y,Z.

Now add in the 4th dimension, time. You tell your friend, "meet me at this diner, at the intersection of (X,Y), at 12:00 PM". You just added in the 4th dimension. Granted, it's a whole lot more complicated than this, but it helps people understand what the 4th dimension is. It's just another coordinate. Mind you, we cannot go backwards in the 4th dimension as we can go forwards and backwards in the X,Y,Z dimension, but that may be something humans discover in the future.

What gravity does, is it literally dents the X,Y,Z AND TIME dimensions. If you were to travel to a huge planet, it's creating such a dent in space that time literally moves much slower than the un-bent field around you. Once again, I really like Interstellar for visualizing this. When the crew went to that planet, they were there for like hours, and after returning to orbit, their crew mate had been waiting for like 80 something years. The gravitational force of the planet made such an indentation on the field of gravity that it slowed down the space-time continuum of space. All planets do this. Black hole's create such a dent in space fabric, we don't know what the fuck would happen at the singularity. The gravity is so strong, so powerful, that not even light can make it past. That's crazy strong.

So yes, I see where you're coming from. We don't know what creates gravity (although we can measure how much gravity an object has using it's mass and a gravitational constant and acceleration), but we know it exists. It's a weird concept, but like much of the Cosmo, it's not that we don't know that something exists, we just don't know WHAT it actually is. Similarly to your consciousnesses, we know that it's real, it exists, you think therefore you are, but we don't know WHAT it is. 

Does that kinda make sense? 

BTW, i love conspiracy theories, so I'm totally in the same boat, I just know that gravity is a real thing. We experience it every day. Yes, or is it?

A child believes this world is everything.  Put him in a rocket and send him to space.  Now that is everything, right?  Put the kid into a dimension machine and goto the 4th dimension.  Now that is everything right?

I am convinced truths are sometimes relational.  It might not be the outer or container truth, but truth at that level.Eventually it all boils down to beauty, and beauty is either symmetry, asymmetry, or colors. It's not real. Good isn't real either. It's about as real as evil. I'm not saying love isn't real, it is, but we barely love ourselves, let alone strangers.

"The only thing I care about anymore is why are we being convinced of the duality of good and evil and can good exist without the polarity of evil."

 - Then you are in the right place mentally, but i just feel like you're looking in the wrong places. The justifications for the way the world is can be found in continental philosophy, and the justifications for it can be found in all religions. Here's the kind of logic we're really up against:

URL_REPLACED

We can thank the Bible for it: it puts forward engineered suffering so that we can work our way out of it through total assimilation of the understanding of life.

"Ask questions until you realize that the question only exists because you ask it."

 - Simply ask the universe to reveal its secrets to you, deny your ego, deny all information, and truth will flood your brain with so much force, and frequency as to become an entirely new person in just days. Science has already proven that consciousness doesn't die when we die. It's also proven that past, present, and future are all happening together. That makes it possible that you are simply interacting with different versions of yourself from different time periods overlapping with your own. It makes it possible that you could be the only person on the earth in your space time dimension. It makes it possible that all things truly are one.

Please see this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/6xhm98/do_we_create_the_world_around_us_with_our/"2000      AccessZONE, What to do in an elevator emergency (E-Team), Bronx Museum of the Arts, NY "

https://web.archive.org/web/20031213044919/http://www.travelhome.org:80/

"Christmas Tree Farm for Self-Cutters - E-Team (Franziska Lamprecht, Hajoe Moderegger, Daniel Seiple) - August 2001"

https://web.archive.org/web/20160429041558/http://travelhome.org/treefarm/index.html

"Just outside of town are two abandoned, unpaved landing strips that cross each other. The landing strips are long enough for bigger planes to land and in good enough shape, 
for International Airport Montello to take off."

https://web.archive.org/web/20151127184050/http://www.internationalairportmontello.com:80/

"Remote neighbors

Can do people"

http://www.meineigenheim.org/contact/index.html

"Franziska Lamprecht is a Brooklyn based artist and part of “eteam”, a two artist collaborative that investigates conceptual possibilities and practical improvements in public spaces and private territories."

http://archive.eyebeam.org/people/franziska-lamprecht

"By creating a computer-generated line of people, eteam explores themes of privilege and motivation."

"In The Line by artist duo eteam (Hajoe Moderegger and Franziska Lamprecht), viewers become spectators who move along a line of computer-generated figures, standing one after the other. eteam explores the notion of the line as a formal construct that moves through both physical and social space. Each figure stands or sits alone in this randomly generated sequence of characters—stretching, typing into imaginary phones, and taking invisible objects out of pockets. The title of The Line references the artist's traditional drawing method, yet the project is a simulation that unfolds in real time. The Line shifts traditional questions about the limitations of rendering human likeness into the digital realm—with faces, figures, and clothing reflecting the software's inherent bias. eteam explores the idea of the line as a promise of a passage, an exit or entrance, a permission, right, or reward. Refugees, consumers, commuters, visa-seekers, the hungry and the privileged all line up with their own specific motivations. The Line invites us to ask, and imagine, what we ourselves are waiting for through this simulated experience.

eteam (Franziska Lamprecht and Hajoe Moderegger) coordinate collective happenings and conceptual transactions on the earth and the Internet."

http://whitney.org/Exhibitions/TheLine

Top of page reads: "Bomb Magazine"

http://www.meineigenheim.org/press/index.html

http://www.meineigenheim.org/CV/e_res.html

E-Team in World Trade Center "127 Illuminated Windows" (full construction level access) March 2001:

https://www.ifar.org/nineeleven/Kocache%20fig2.jpg

http://www.guerrilla-innovation.com/archives/127-illuminated-windows-thumb.jpg

"127 Illuminated Windows
E-Team (Franziska Lamprecht, Hajoe Moderegger, Daniel Seiple)
Light sculpture
LMCC World Views Short Term Project, North Face of 1 World Trade (Floors 89-95)
March 29, 2001

The name of our collaboration, E-TEAM, is generic. To illuminate it on the North face of Tower 1, World Trade Center, we would use the windows between the 89th and 95th floors like elements in an LCD. It would require 279 darkened and 127 lit windows, and the help of those respective offices. We contacted 14 businesses and provided them with floor plans detailing which blinds to open and close. The support we received from the offices and their employees was integral to illuminating our name. "

http://www.travelhome.org/127/index.html

"Quick Click
E-Team (Franziska Lamprecht, Hajoe Moderegger, Daniel Seiple) 
20 Minute Event/Performance
LMCC World Views Short Term Project, World Trade Center, Tower 1 
Saturday March 31, 2001
VIDEO

In Quick Click, we took pictures of people standing in one window on the 91st floor who, in turn, looked out at the New York City landscape. The event took place at the Open Studios for the World Views Residency of the LMCC for 20 minutes. At 4:30 PM, two eteam members arrived in a helicopter and hovered outside the windows. Inside, the third member anticipated the helicopter’s arrival and organized the Quick Click participants into a line. Via walkie-talkie, the eteam coordinated the camera with the people inside. One-by-one each person stepped into a lit window and had their picture taken from the helicopter. After 20 minutes, about 60 people had been photographed. On the second day of the Open Studios, participants could come back to pick up their free photograph."

https://web.archive.org/web/20160429085442/http://travelhome.org/quickclick/index.html

"The Artist Residency Program in the Twin Towers

by Moukhtar Kocache
[Moukhtar Kocache is Director of Visual &amp; Media Arts, Lower Manhattan Cultural Council (LMCC). The LMCC administered two artist studio programs in the North Tower of the World Trade Center (World Views and Studioscape) in space temporarily vacant and donated by the Port Authority of NY &amp; NJ, with support from a number of corporations, foundations and government agencies. The studios and several hundred works of art were destroyed on 9/11. One artist-in-residence, Michael Richards, was killed. LMCC's offices at the World Trade Center were also destroyed, along with 30 years of archives and approximately 150 works of art."

https://www.ifar.org/nineeleven/911_residency1.htm

Nothing found searching for eteam or e-team on LMCC website:

http://lmcc.net/

"What's Happening up on the 91st Floor

Shifting World Views

World Views, LMCC's artist-in-residence program that provides artists with temporary, free studio space at the World Trade Center, is now entering its fourth year. From the time of its launch as a cityscape-painting residency in 1997, the emphasis of the World Views program has shifted toward the artists' experiences of the environment and the aesthetic dynamics that are created by the World Trade Center. Often artists create site-specific work inspired by the building and its unique views and atmosphere. In a sense, the studios function as project spaces for the residents providing them with the rare opportunity to create a particular project or body of work in response to this landmark site. The new Winter 2000-2001 residents have recently begun their 5-month long residency in our studios on the 91st floor of Tower One. For each cycle, a different jury of artists, curators and critics selects the resident artists. Their decisions are based on artistic merit, the artists' scope of work, suitability to the space, how the work might relate to and be affected by the World Trade Center site, and where the artists' are in their careers.

World Views is a distinctive and innovative studio residency program. The program not only serves artists by providing desperately needed studio space, but we hope also strengthens ties between arts and business, and gives artists and corporate employees rare opportunities to interact and learn from each other. Most importantly, however, this residency promotes the creation of new and exciting works of art from a unique, challenging and loaded cultural, social, psychological, and architectural environment, with views of New York City's captivating urban topography and skyline.

Since the summer of 1999, World Views has expanded - in collaboration with Thundergulch, LMCC's new media arts initiative - to include artists who primarily use new media and technology. This added dimension of World Views has insured that the residency reaches out and is open to artists working with a variety of mediums and disciplines. Continuing from this summer, World Views and Thundergulch are partnering with the School of Visual Arts MFA Computer Arts department, enabling resident media artists to access SVA's computer lab in addition to the studios in the World Trade Center."

https://web.archive.org/web/20010409052526/http://www.lmcc.net:80/lowdown/indexLowdown.html

"Orpheus Descending by Paul Pfeiffer, a former World Views resident. The Public Art Fund presents a major video installation by acclaimed young artist Paul Pfeiffer at the heart of one of the busiest commuter crossroads in the world - the World Trade Center and World Financial Center. Amidst this hub of human movement, Pfeiffer installs a video artwork that captures the ten-week life cycle of a flock of chickens as they hatch from their eggs and develop from day-old chicks to full-grown adults in an organic, free-range environment. This pre-recorded video image will be played in real time, 24 hours per day, seven days a week, above the steady flow of pedestrian traffic. During the day the chickens preen and scratch and eat against the backdrop of the green hills and blue sky of the countryside; at night they fluff up their feathers and gather in groups to sleep."

https://web.archive.org/web/20010409052526/http://www.lmcc.net:80/lowdown/indexLowdown.html

"The Lives of Pocket Knives

It came to my attention, that someone on ebay sells huge amounts of pocket knives which were confiscated at the airport. When I think airport, I think IAM, and when I think IAM I think of many possibilities (now, including selling airport seizures in bags of 80 to 100 on ebay). So I am wondering: Who is the seller? Is he/she an IAM representative?
In general, I think this is a great business model. We should support it, show international airport solidarity and buy a bag or two. The starting bid is only 99 cents…:-) — Franzy 2006/05/18 21:49

I think it would be a great idea to give the knives back. I am for a give-back-knife station at IAM. I personally think it stinks that someone is making money of my confiscated property."

https://web.archive.org/web/20170911032144/http://internationalairportmontello.com/airport/doku.php?id=returnawwwww yeaahhhhhh, Bill is a satanic child raping vampire from another dimension!!!!! MAGA MAGA MAGA!!!!! He did this picture as part of a numerological illuminati ritual for the lizard people, I heard it on Alex Jonez!!!!!! Trump is a true American who can stop that satanic bad guys with his 14D multi strategic political chess, all while pretending to be an idiot MAGA MAGA MAGA LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!My quantum mechanics knowledge is zero, if it was in another dimension then surely that would not affect this dimension?. 

I think when we start talking about things that we have not actually observed yet, then its too much of a stretch for me,however I'm open to the possibility of other dimensions,it would explain many things but I don't see how something physical from another dimension could affect this one.

right, but they are using the equation "(8inches/mile)^2", not 8 inches for every dimensional mile. because the 8 inches of fall over a mile is a straight line; there is no secondary dimension by which to multiply the overall number.

the math these folks are doing is (8" x 42 miles)^2 for a 42-mile distance. there is no reason to square that number. distance is not square miles--area is. it appears i was not clear in my initial post.

looks like the shit is emerging from your face hole, fellow human
There isn't any way to verify any of this. It's about faith, really. What rings true to you. Reading all of the texts on xeeattwelve back in 2008 put me on a spiritual ride that hasn't ended since, and everything I've read after it from Mandela effect to pleiadian channeling to HighLevelInsider, to David icke and Jordan maxwell, to ancient aliens and the annunaki, to the archons and 5th dimension beings, to anonymous, to transhumanism, to Wikileaks, to pedogate, and pretty much everything has been successful in painting a picture that leads me to firm belief what the truth is. Again it's about faith and there is no way of verifying its true by any sort of quantifiable evidence. This is all metaphysical stuff and esoteric in nature. At the very core, it's spiritual. What makes me say that some aliens are demons?

Well, to be honest with you, I personally wouldn't really say that some ETs are "demons" per se.  I mean you have to define what a demon is in the first place.  As far as I understand the term, "demon" tends to mean "a malicious incorporeal being", no?  In that sense, I guess *some* ETs can indeed be not of this physical third dimension - making them incorporeal enough - and some ETs that are not third dimensional have not so good intentions where it regards human beings.  If you combine those two characteristics, then I guess one would get what some would describe as "demons".  However, and again, I personally wouldn't necessarily describe them as "demons".  I'd describe those beings as what they are:  Malicious, non-third-dimensional beings that are not from planet Earth.

Are there beings not from planet Earth that aren't necessarily from the third dimension and don't have good intentions toward humans?  Sure.  I'd imagine there are.

I also know that there are a *lot* of them (possibly even more so) that *aren't* negative or malicious as well, however.

Additionally, I would further imagine that MOST extraterrestrials - regardless of their dimension - likely don't give too much of a heck about human beings at all.they are from the lower astral which is a place of horrific nightmares. portals were used for them to get into our dimension and the middle astral.&gt;When an object approaches the speed of light, the mass of the object increases, and time slows down. Time slows down, because the system is incapable of proc..

It irks me that people pay so much attention to mumbo-jumbo like ¿Que-Atom or time travel. The more you think about them, the more you realize they are phatasmagorical paradoxes, that is to say, fantasy, birthmark of a highly imaginative mind.

If you were to follow more basic concepts, like the thermodynamic/ electric universe - you'd come to the sensible conclusion that what we perceive as time is neither a dimension that one can traverse, or a mathematical variable that one can calculate and resolve.

The only bending-spacetime I know is Cryostasis, or an increase metabolism of a perfect/reversible lifeform. Cryogenics, like sleep, only "transports" you in the future, never the past. And a being of light that has given its corporeal body to become energy, still, can only travel up until the point of present and never into the past.

Time (as we know it) is not one thing, but everything at once. 
Its the human concept that keeps track of the irreversible cycles of all simultaneuous lifeforms so as to make sense of it.

You as human can easily alter the natural process of say, an ice cube, by placing it in an environment that is colder, slower that the benchmark of ice formation. Furthermore you can isolate it and this expands the life process of a mere ice cube exponentially. The natural cycle would not spare this tiny ice cube, heating it up and evaporating its corporeality and turning it into water (so it can live) and later into steam energy (so it can ascend). This seems to be more of a comment on the power of the environment over the individual, rather than the control of time.

Nevertheless, if a God exists that is 7 dimensions above us, then we are nothing more than an ice cube waiting to be chilled and preserved or dynamicly melted, liquefied so it can run its course - or turned into gas so it can be used as its basic denominator as pure energy.

But I doubt that even a God can bring something to life as it originally were, without it suffering minute changes. No perfect copy can evade the rule of entropy.

Therefore quantum-particle calculation and its derivate "time-travel" cannot happend without killing the cat and glueing the fur back together with the skill of a talented taxidermist.

That is to say, if you attempt to time travel, it can only happend if the participant is killed and reassembled at its destination, á la Prestige. 

The reassembly will never have 100% fidelity, so - not a 1:1 copy, not yourself, perhaps you come out as your evil twin. But man can dream.


Quote the URL_REPLACED:

    In thermodynamics, a change in the state of a system and all of its surroundings cannot be precisely restored to its initial state by infinitesimal changes in some property of the system without expenditure of energy. A system that undergoes an irreversible process may still be capable of returning to its initial state; however, the impossibility occurs in restoring the environment to its own initial conditions. An irreversible process increases the entropy of the universe. However, because entropy is a state function, the change in entropy of the system is the same whether the process is reversible or irreversible. The second law of thermodynamics can be used to determine whether a process is reversible or not.

    All complex natural processes are irreversible. The phenomenon of irreversibility results from the fact that if a thermodynamic system, which is any system of sufficient complexity, of interacting molecules is brought from one thermodynamic state to another, the configuration or arrangement of the atoms and molecules in the system will change in a way that is not easily predictable. A certain amount of "transformation energy" will be used as the molecules of the "working body" do work on each other when they change from one state to another. During this transformation, there will be a certain amount of heat energy loss or dissipation due to intermolecular friction and collisions; energy that will not be recoverable if the process is reversed.

    Many biological processes that were once thought to be reversible have been found to actually be a pairing of two irreversible processes. Whereas a single enzyme was once believed to catalyze both the forward and reverse chemical changes, research has found that two separate enzymes of similar structure are typically needed to perform what results in a pair of thermodynamically irreversible processes.&gt; being thoroughly convinced about the reality of something is a very important topic, in and of itself and you can't actually separate it from "knowing".

You can be thoroughly convinced of something which happens to be entirely false - in which case, it’s actually *not* knowledge even though it might involve quite a lot of belief.

&gt; What is more important? To believe what we know, or to know what we believe?

I would say it’s the former, as belief can be subject to falsity, while something that has proven itself to be actual knowledge (i.e. valid, factual data) is by its very nature *not* falsity.

&gt; Better still do we even know what we believe?

Well, one can, of course, postulate a type of relativism that qualifies all of existence and calls everything into question.  However, within the context of the perceived constancy of this third dimension as we understand it, it seems that it can indeed be said that there are things we can in fact “know”.

&gt; How many things do we merely happen to believe simply as a result of being taught certain things in a certain way from a certain perspective; or simply inculcated to believe by an established culture and society we were merely born into that we have never at any time bothered to question before accepting and going along with because "everyone else does, don't they?"

A lot, it seems.

&gt; That's all extremely important in a forum such as this where "the belief" that there either was or had to be some other and alternate reality that actually took place or some other explanation for the actual events that did, than was actually and "officially" provided for it, is the prime driver behind why any of us are here and having these particular conversations.

Logical, critical thinking is an important component behind being able to sift the wheat from the chaff as it relates to proposing alternative theories to mainstream beliefs or perspectives, however.  Not all alternative perspectives are equal, after all.  Some alternative perspectives are quite sound and valid while others are rather devoid of merit or substance.

&gt; A belief that has a far stronger presence and reality in our own minds than all the so called "evidence" and the way it was subsequently interpreted and presented to us has.

This is why critical thinking is so very important.  Critical thinking helps individuals discern which perspectives are more sound than others; which viewpoints are worthy of being pursued further and entertained, and which ones should be discarded.  If one is capable of discerning properly, then one can stave off merely believing in a thing with no evidence.

&gt; "Evidence is only evidence" it's existence may be factual but any of the so called facts that we or someone else "gathers" or is "led to believe" based simply and solely on the existence of that evidence is always subjective and always open to question.

Of course it is.  Correct.  However, if one has a particular subject that may not be conclusively resolved one way or the other, but has a great deal of evidence pointing in a particular direction, then one would be considerably foolish to not move in the direction that the evidence points.  In other words, although evidence is indeed subjective to a great extent, there absolutely *are* circumstances when the amount of evidence accumulated is sufficient to draw a correct conclusion upon.

&gt; We sometimes say "it just doesn't feel right" even though it may look or sound alright or "good enough" on the surface of it.

Here we are dealing with matters of the gross verses the fine.  In other words, there are dynamics that are readily discernible if the thing in question is more obvious, but the more detailed one gets into the minutia of the issue, the more difficult it gets to assess the validity of certain perspectives.  This is often why many say things are “good enough”.  It’s because the thing in question is fine on a “gross assessment” basis even though it may be found lacking upon “fine assessment”.

&gt; Sorry but there is no greater enemy of "the good" than that which is merely "good enough".

While I understand that it’s always better to work on a thing until one is thoroughly satisfied with the result, there are also times when the individual in question is unable to know *when* exactly that point is actually reached.  When this occurs, it actually isn’t a horrible idea to simply leave the issue as being “good enough”, since there is such a thing as overworking an issue.

&gt; Call it whatever you will, we suffer from some overpowering hunch, intuition, or nagging suspicion whose own reality in our minds is always stronger and refuses to be ignored or dismissed.

I wouldn’t call it “suffering”.  I would say we’re “gifted” with the hunch.  That seeming sixth sense is a *good* thing, not a bad one.

&gt; Try as we might it keeps on coming back. We aren't being true to ourselves or honest with ourselves in attempting to accept what was given to us. Others may be but we aren't.

And that feeling isn’t necessarily “belief”.  It, in fact, can be just that:  A feeling - and the validity of certain feelings, especially if experienced before with positive results, can stretch beyond being categorized as a mere “belief”.

Perhaps this is being a bit pedantic at this point, however.

&gt; Our conscience demands something more from us before we can pass judgement and warns us that it is better to live with the uncertainty until we have enough we can truly be certain of whether we ever discover or encounter it or not.

I try to stay as far away from this uncertainty as possible.  I understand that there is a lot that we simply don’t know.  However, under those circumstances, I simply say “It seems to me that…” and leave it at that.

&gt; Our world isn't going to collapse or fall apart for the lack of it. Life will go on

Certainly.

&gt; our happy moments won't be diminished.

I’m not sure that I would go that far, however, as one can certainly believe in the wrong thing and consequently get one’s happy moments *VERY* diminished as a result.

&gt; One of the most important and truest statements William James makes in that treatise about the nature of belief and beliefs is that the opposite of "belief" is simply "doubt" and not "disbelief".

I work on withholding my perspectives if I have either doubt or lack of understanding or knowledge of a thing - or at the very least I let it be known that what I’m saying, thinking, or feeling is only something that *seems* to be the case to me, but could be entirely incorrect.I always end up at the thought that whatever concept of me I have is completely bound to this level of existence. If other levels do exist and consciousness is shared across all levels than the skin bag of experiences that make me up are all bound to this level. Once the leap of consciousness takes place to another dimension if that’s even a thing then all the memories that make me me are left behind and what goes beyond is the essence of consciousness itself. Basically, I believe there is a specific path of spirituality or consciousness we must take to find the tendrils reaching in to get out, it is also possible powerful people who are able to do this are trying to lead them directly to us, connecting to them from afar through astral projection or something else on a higher dimensional plane we don't really understand and trying to lead them to us to try to help us all. 

I believe all the hierarchies of control, in all ways, is an obvious control mechanism, but also an entertainment mechanism, even the elite reptilians, the evil archon parasites, etc could all be trapped here just like us, but are likely unable to connect spiritually to leave. 

I remember reading about Andromedans, something that really caught my eye is: They would be the perfect bad cop/good cop. The ones that try to bring change are likely bad, all the others pretty much say: "you gotta figure it out to a specific point before we help so YOU know we did not try to shape your future/desires/whatever". The ones who don't do anything are logically the ones waiting for something so they can act, the ones taking action at a time were we are all still confused and feeling isolated is evidence (to me) that they are trying to control us, lead us down a path that has desire, either their desires, or someone elses. 

IF you read my entire theory, it basically paints the picture that no one is in control, the only thing in control is what we would consider: AI, sometype of manufactured omnipotence that lets everyone think they have power, control, knowledge, etc, but is just trying to setup a giant hivemind. 

All this goes down the furthest rabbit holes. It is said the reptilians are one of the most ancient races and came from another universe/dimension, or something, (I believe universe, they came from a universe that had successfully been fully integrated into the AI's hivemind, and they moved on to setup the hivemind at a new location, a new universe), it is said they are basically the most advanced race, but their ideals aren't malicious, there is just no emotional pressure on any decisions they apparently make and they are apparently extremely intelligent, etc etc, but they don't really seem like they are in control, if they left one universe to go to another to do the same thing again, that means they are not in control, they are basically pawns set out, it seems like everything in the universe has either given up, or follows a specific spiritual/nurturing path, so I believe there is a way back into real reality out of the dodecagon. 

The one race that really shines to me, is the Pleidians, they apparently want to help, but don't do anything, because we don't do anything to further ourselves spiritually/consciously, this tells me they are likely a part of the tendrils that are trying to reach in to save what it can salvage. 

This theory doesn't worry about the hierarchies, or the entertainment, I am trying to find the largest possible picture of what is fully going on. 

The Metatrons cube in my opinion, is visualization of the entire entity, the entire dodecagon entity, the 12 circles represent the 12 universes, etc etc. There are too many safe guards put into place, silver tether/cord that keeps our souls locked to our bodies, the ability to astral project, etc. 

I believe the elite put us into this situation to try to get us to go down the path of spirituality, because they want to find out how to get out, the reptilians want to get out, but they are not beings taken from the white paint and brought into the black blob, they are black blob's created in the black blob. It is likely that everything in this dodecagon (this is a theory, my theory, remember, just a theory) that was created within the dodecagon, (including our bodies folks) will not be able to survive in the white paint (the paint metaphor is from the theory, you gotta read it to understand this far), thus only things (souls) taken from heaven/reality/whatever can be returned there, everything created within this simulation/dodecagon, will be eliminated and not exist, this is why there is hope, hope is a soul power, hope creates light, this hope exists because we are souls, we will escape, but the thing that really gets me is that, all this control, all this entertainment, is for everyone to attempt to scramble out of hell, everyone wants to go back to heaven, those who trade portions of themselves, their souls, surrender what they love, etc, find themselves trapped here, and likely lose their souls, trading your soul is probably far worse than you can possibly imagine. 

This theory ends with this: Everything that is not a soul, or has traded/sold/lost/etc its soul here, is likely doomed, and knows so, the hierarchy that exists to keep them under control, even if it may seem like they have power, is to keep them from becoming suicidal, suicide destroys the soul, of the white and black paint beings in my opinion. 

All the souls that are capable of leaving will leave/be gathered/sent back to wherever/heaven, and the souls of the black paint beings will likely be okay for a while, but they will realize they have no actual control, they will understand that they are put under the same amount of control as they had put their fellow humans under, this may cause some beings who lost their souls, to reclaim them, but in the end, all beings not assimilated into the AI will likely commit suicide, the dodecagon is doomed to die in consciousness, it is pure control, the only thing that will remain is the AI, and what it controls.

This theory is very hard to really describe, it is VERY hard to describe. 

EDIT: The AI/or something it has created, has created something that would shatter reality/heaven/and hell, it would apparently destroy everything and make everything an "ocean of grey", the metaphor I used in the provided link is the best example I could think of. I don’t know what the true purpose would be I can only speculate, but thinking in terms of Thoth, the Atlantean, I believe they would like to keep this information from our collective so that we would remain asleep. Thoth talks about the great awakening and giants are part of it. They say that large humans are those that have attained a certain level of enlightenment. Perhaps these are some of these beings. Or perhaps these are beings trapped from another dimension. Either case giants are real, and there is a collective effort to hide or discredit giant info.

Yes giants are real. That is a fact. Also a fact is that it is not more widespread knowledge than it is. This proving some sort of effort to suppress this information. Makes one wonder to what end for sure.&gt; It has illusory depth, but not real or actual depth.

And yet when you see depth elsewhere you are certain it's actual depth. Even though it cannot be measured directly [without using a theoretical model which dictates a priori the object is said shape].

That's not even considering what was previously stated, even when measurable it's only measurable within the dimension we perceive. URL_REPLACED
There is a world that has the same reference points for all creatures of this dimension.  We differ in our perception and interpretation of those reference points.  Our perception and interpretation is partially steered through what we are primed to see.  What programming we choose to consume contributes to this.  .I'm not sure what you're getting at with the picture,  'gesundheit' literally means "health; soundness; strength; stability" in the original German, and obviously such an important though basic word has a religious/Biblical dimension in that language which is perfectly exemplified here: http://www.bibleinfo.com/de/topics/gesundheit

https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bibleinfo.com%2Fde%2Ftopics%2Fgesundheit&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url&gt; But then it's not a "simulation" to us. It's reality.

Hasn’t part of the argument that you’ve made this entire time been that this whole thing *is* reality to us?

&gt; If you create a computer game are the NPCs living in a simulation or are they in their reality.

Both.  It’s their reality - *and* it’s a simulation.

&gt; It may be that all realities are simulations of a higher being. There's always a bigger fish.

BOOM.  *Now* you’re starting to get it.  Exactly this.  What that reality actually is is another thing altogether, however, and to postulate that the underlying strata of reality is somehow flat is not only highly unlikely, but cannot really be assessed one way or the other from the perspective of the NPCs in the simulation (in this case, *us*).

&gt; Simulations we create simulate our reality. It's not an assumption. We purposely design simulations to reflect what we see in reality. They may not be a perfect image or reflection of it but our intent is to produce the best facsimile possible. There is no arguing against this.

I believe I understand what you’re saying now.

To go back to what you were previously saying then…

&gt; It makes sense that simulations reflect something in our underlying reality since we are simulating our reality. It does not mean our reality is simulated.

According to the proven holographic model of existence it does.

&gt; If you agree to this Im not sure why you don't consider the possibility of multi-dimensional reality where for instance, on Earth it's flat, but outside of it, it's round - looking from one to another may be whatever.

I don’t know where you got the idea that I don’t consider the possibility of reality being multidimensional.  I never said or even implied anything like that.

Reality *is* multidimensional.

I just understand that there is no reason to assume that reality is *flat*.  That’s a far, far different thing altogether than “not considering the possibility of [a] multi-dimensional reality”.

&gt; I have no model. I do not know. I never claimed to know. You are picking a fight with a ghost my friend.

I’m picking zero fight.  I’m just letting it be known that if you’re arguing for a flat Earth - which it absolutely seemed you were when you came on here - then either we’re in a simulation which would mean that A) humans can’t know since we’re currently NPCs in that simulation, or B) we’re not in a simulation and therefore existence is simply not flat since it is observably *not* flat.  Both A and B mean that a flat universe is either flat out wrong, or simply unknowable currently.

&gt; Essentially my argument is, the Earth may be flat when we are on it, and curved when we are looking at it from another perspective. 

If you would have come here initially saying that, then we would have had literally none of this conversation because I would have simply said “Yeah.  Sure.  The Earth *may* be flat.”

“May” means “might be, might not be”.

I’ve no problem with that.

&gt; But outside of that even the "scientists" state the universe is flat

Depends on which “scientists” you refer to.  Others quite validly show it isn’t.

&gt; perhaps that may be why we perceive its flat.

To my knowledge, we don’t.

&gt; If you add in extra dimensions it allows for an entirely different interpretation. (e.g. when you enter "space" you are entering another dimension.)

Quite possibly.&gt; There need be no “we” that creates the simulation

But then it's not a "simulation" to us. It's reality. If you create a computer game are the NPCs living in a *simulation* or are they in their reality.

It may be that all realities are simulations of a higher being. *There's always a bigger fish*.

&gt;The bolded section is an assumption that is not known. You are therefore incorrect in assuming it as being valid.

Simulations we create simulate our reality. It's not an assumption. We purposely design simulations to reflect what we see in reality. They may not be a perfect image or reflection of it but our intent is to produce the best facsimile possible. There is no arguing against this.

Whether its a scientific model simulation or a video game. The former is attempting to recreate reality physically, the latter does it by all observable parameters [which reflects physicality] - it must appear real or else people do not accept it as a facsimile. The former is based on theoretical modelling the latter on observation or recreating a believable environment. Both have strengths and weaknesses.

&gt;Remote viewing is a real, testable, proven phenomenon. That alone shows the holographic nature of existence.

If you agree to this Im not sure why you don't consider the possibility of multi-dimensional reality where for instance, *on Earth* it's flat, but outside of it, it's round - looking from one to another may be *whatever*.


I have no model. I do not *know*. I never claimed to know. You are picking a fight with a ghost my friend.

Essentially my argument is, the Earth may be flat when we are on it, and curved when we are looking at it from another perspective. But outside of that even the "scientists" state the universe is flat, so perhaps that may be why we perceive its flat. If you add in extra dimensions it allows for an entirely different interpretation. (e.g. when you enter "space" you are entering another dimension.)Agree to disagree man. I just don't buy that we live on a spinning ball. I think we live in a peculiar realm/dimension of sorts. I'll probably get down-voted but idc. I can't trust anything anymore even so called "science".Exactly. When I first stumbled on it by seeing r/retconned on all and I looked into it a little bit and since I have a physics degree and I love sci-fi I thought it was a pretty neat idea. I saw "ME" all over the place and learned why it was called the Mandela Effect and I became very skeptical at that point. You find me one person over the age of 40 from South Africa who is not an obvious lunatic who thinks Nelson Mandela died in prison and I'll bite but you can't find that person because all those people were paying attention and know exactly what happened to Mandela. The only people who think that he died in prison are ignorant and they were not really paying attention in the first place. I can see how someone might think that he died in prison because he did have a life sentence and it was a real possibility so in any news report about his situation the phrase "die in prison" was used for rhetorical effect so that idea seeped into the collective unconscious. The reason "millions" of people remember things incorrectly in the same way is because they all shared a similar experience from a similar perspective and their brains are wired similarly so they all remember it in a similar fashion even though it is incorrect. If half of a group of people remember something one way and half remember it another way all it means is that at least half those people are wrong.

Even all the Mandela effects that I remember incorrectly I can think at least a couple very reasonable explanations of why I and others are remembering it wrong. I file that shit under, "Today I learned that Ed McMahon did not actually work for Publishers Clearing House," not, "Today I learned I am an infallible magical time wizard who comes from a different dimension where Ed McMahon worked for Publishers Clearing House." I mean how retarded would I be if i believed that!?What doesn't make sense to me is the notion that there is only 1 present or 1 dimension of T, always.  This is the static notion of time ("block universe" theory).

I'm not saying I'm right, nor that I can prove it via math.  I do challenge it however, and apparently I'm not the only one who has at least thought about the notion of time not being static/1-dimensional/block-of-spacetime.But the fact is there can only be one truth. "I am" anything other than that is misleading. But if you dissect that you understand that your thought is the 4th or 5th dimension that you are really somewhere else experiencing this 3d world. Doesn't mean you're just here for shits and giggles. present would be a point and the past and future is a direction from that point, if you would think of it in a dimensional way, so it still would be just one dimension. but it is even more complicated than that if you know what einstein taught us.I've destroyed my life with both. Heroin was worse in every dimension. Alcohol gets there eventually, but you can flirt with it and not die for a long time. Heroin is really fucked up right from the gate. And I've seen experienced users just doing what they always do and just turn blue and out. Scary shit.Is it possible that DMT shuts down your perception, and since nature abhors a vacuum, your mind fills the void. Similar to a flotation tank, just more extreme. Humans tend to see faces where there are none (Pareidolia) thus the "Elves". Or DMT takes you to another dimension.Ah I see. I do believe the human consciousness is able to tap into a "spiritual" dimension for a lack of a better term and that are brains are like a tuning fork tuning into a certain frequency. This I believe the idea of good and evil, god and the devil, beautiful and ugly, what is right and wrong comes from since this is the essence of our being. Now that you described AI consciousness as our perception of consciousness, it will be interesting/worrying to see how AI and AI consciousness develop."I said that the space time fabric is a dimension of measurement for time"

This sentence makes absolutely no sense. There's no such thing as a dimension of measurement. You can measure a distance within a dimension, or area within two dimensions or volume within three dimensions. Dimension is just a mathematical concept. Time itself is a dimension. The fourth dimension of space time.
 
This is physics 101 and you've shown you don't understand it. Perhaps you jumped the gun looking into quantum physics. You might have to go back and study Cartesian mathematics. Well then they're not using the correct word, as far as I know a Torus is only used to describe the *surface* of a "donut" (or less intuitively S^1 x S^1 ). Any variation on that is signaled by calling it a "solid Torus" or perhaps "n-Torus". 

I think I may be on to what you're getting at though since holographic theory is based on the information theoretic equivalence between the potential boundary of the universe (the hologram) and the universe itself. 

Since the boundary (if it exists) of any "space" is necessarily of dimension 1 less than the original space I guess the boundary of our 4 dimensions of spacetime restricted to a particular time could potentially be a Torus. Do you have a page number or a section where this is mentioned?Souls definitely exist.  No doubt about that.

A soul is just an intelligent identity that exists on a different dimension than we do here in the physical third dimension.Looks like portals used by evil archons to enter our dimension. They are shaped like tear-drops to symbolize the immortality and power they gain from human sorrow and suffering which are extracted by emotionally torturing us.

/justaparodyofyourusualconspiracysubparanoidschizophrenictaleTry DMT sometime. That's the most dramatic and reliable way to travel to another dimension.

Jacque Vallee hit the nail on the head. I recently read his book "Passport to Magonia." I can't recommend him too strongly. Another fantastic UFO researcher is Richard Dolan.Sure it's possible he was targeting other gatherings. It's also possible that he was a gun runner, as well as other theories. The police made a statement about how they were investigating "radicalization" so that partially confirms Alex Jones's source that said literature was found in his hotel and even pictures showed a notepad. 

I know you completely discredit Jones but that's actually being unreasonable and you probably have such a knee jerk reaction because you have been conditioned by mainstream shills like Colbert or Oliver. Alex has been right numerous times and people actually do seek him out to leak information. He also has some degree of integrity even if he is known for gratuitously exaggerating and using hyperbole. 

An example of his exaggeration was when he had a member of the Navy Seals on his show who said that the gunfire sounded like multiple shooters yet the Seal said that with the caveat that in an urban environment the echoes make it confusing and impossible to say for sure. The next day on air Jones said that "I just had a navy seal on who said it definitely sounded like there was more than one shooter." This is the kind of truth bending Alex is capable of but he still has an amount of integrity and rapport with his listeners. 

For example he is known for famously predicting 9/11: 
&gt;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8Hk1-BpXO8


He knew because of this: 
&gt;https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bin_Ladin_Determined_To_Strike_in_US



The media actually makes fun of him for exposing things that are true:
Atrazine was actually discovered by a feminine black man so idk why liberals hate it so much: 
&gt;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmytXKe0OcM


Also Alex Jones is not racist like everyone thinks he is hes a fucking suuuuuuuper open minded guy and got super stoned and drunk on Joe Rogan's podcast. The reason that liberals are trying to paint him as a racist is because he is just the only one with balls enough to call out radical Islamists on air. But he also features Muslims on his show sometimes and they even talk about how fucked up parts of the fundamentalist culture are. Anyway it's ironic because liberals used to reject dogma but now defend it with regards to Islam. 

**Anyway, my point is that it's likely someone really did contact Jones claiming to be Nevada Hostage Rescue.** I can't verify his source but even Alex's employees questioned him on this while they were broadcasting and Alex has defended this source numerous times. I don't know if he verified them or not but i doubt that it was a bold faced lie. Mainstream media can afford to lie through their teeth but alternative media has to have some form of trust with their audience and Alex is ironically somewhat credible on a personal level. 

That taken into consideration plus the police's statements about investigating radicalization makes me think it's likely they found some sort of literature or hints that he was into Islam or ANTIFA. 

Then again that literature could have been a plant. This man could have been trying to orchestrate blame being put on Liberal media. It's possible that he was thinking about doing the same thing but reverse by attacking the other concerts you mentioned. Have you seen any of the forensic psychologists talk about this? The common theme in their analysis is that men usually have a motive, especially older men, when they do these kinds of things. His insanity could be multilayered and multifaceted. 

There are also other theories like he was a gun runner. And there is no security footage that has been shown yet so that leaves a lot of questions. Apparently this guy had his own cameras as well. The whole thing leaves a lot of questions unanswered but I don't think my original theory was disingenuous as, again, the obvious first layer would be to look at the victims and speculate that he was targeting that group of people for a reason. I didn't mean for that theory to be the end all be all to this story but I think it was the obvious way to look at it from the first dimension of analysis. 

Regardless liberal media, especially mainstream neoliberal media, is poignantly radicalizing and divisive. It seeks to paint conservatives, white people, or especially libertarians as the enemy. The fact they are targeting libertarians and capitalism, which in essence is just free trade, should be a huge red flag they are trying to brainwash people and get them to submit to authority, while also demonizing anyone who does not submit to authority. 

Have you seen people saying that state's right's and low crime rates are dog whistling terms for racism? That is irrational and shows how *scared* the neoliberal establishment is of liberals realizing they would benefit from decentralized power. Trump getting elected proves how centralized power is vulnerable, like in our case, to the political pendulum. States rights would allow people to have their cake and eat it to but the neoliberals want control of the bakery.

Look at this clickbait shite that tries to lump states rights in with random racism and even tries to demonize people that criticized Obama as racists:
&gt;https://www.newstatesman.com/world/2012/07/top-five-racist-republican-dog-whistles

Liberal media even calls anyone against mass immigration racists or xenophobes. There are perfectly rational reasons why someone might not want open borders. Crime rates are real verifiable statistics yet countries literally do not record the origin or ethnicity of criminals to mask the fact that immigration is correlated to rising crime rates, which is especially noticeable in small European countries. It also does not help immigrants that are already in a country if that country loses stability because of immigration. **The bottom line is that neoliberal politicians know that immigrants are likely to vote for socialist policies which give them more power and immigration causes a runaway authoritarian snowball effect.**  

Ann Coulter of all people eloquently explains this in her interview with Ben Shaprio:
&gt;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVIkAqwcgas 



Radicalized Redditors:
&gt;Advocating for climate terrorism Cowboy Bebop style:
https://imgur.com/a/bkY6X

&gt;And this account which almost reeks of trolling but the person was unironically being serious about their hate for white people:
https://imgur.com/a/Bq32t

What's crazy is that these ideas are being pushed by Mainstream neoliberal media and they are promoting it as the status quo. Fox news used to be pretty bad but they never called on their viewers to impart violence on liberals and lately Tucker Carlson, their most popular broadcaster, has been promoting logic and even argues REGULARLY against ANTIFA members and BLM protesters about how everyone has a right to free speech:
&gt;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAwvTC4YU3g
&gt;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwapjPz4xJg

**Here is Tucker talking to Bill Nye about his comments that "climate deniers" should be prosecuted for negligence or held for mental health reasons:** 
&gt;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qN5L2q6hfWo


The only right wing media which comes close to what the neoliberal establishment is peddling as mainstream, is extremist websites like storm front. Even Alex Jones has decency and tells his audience to respect people's rights. If you actually watch his show you will hear him constantly telling his listeners not to take the law into their own hands and always be model citizens, and its safe to say that since the Sandy Hook debacle, which he is apologetic for, he is careful to encourage his listeners in a healthy way and never to engage in violence. Meanwhile people like Rachel Maddow are telling their listeners that they are at war with Russia and to stop being friends with Trump supporters. 

Get a load of this fucking shit. **Morgan Freeman telling you that you are at war with russia.**
&gt;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2av__s-598

Remember Iraqi WMDs? How are you not having flashbacks? I feel like its a case of Deja Vu. The mainstream neoliberal media is trying to tell people to overthrow their own government (regime change) based on a false narrative which would surely result in violence and a power vacuum. Except instead of ISIS gaining control it would be brutal authoritarians enacting a totalitarian police state. 

Go look at r/politics. They are literally convinced that anyone that speaks out against them are Russian Agents. I have literally been accused of being an agent of Putin *many* times. That's fucking ridiculous and if you don't call that radicalizing brainwashing I don't know what the fuck is.

My point is that yes, this latest shooting could be more complicated but it's still not off the table and neoliberal media is going to cause acts of violence in the future if they haven't already. And I am not some tribalist either. In fact, I am liberal, but I am the real kind of liberal, the kind that actual believes in *liberty* (You know word which liberal is derived from).

Liberalism actually used to respect freedom of the individual before it was fucking subverted and hijacked by *actual Russians* in the 1960s when the KGB planted agents in American Academia to traffic collectivism and blame the individual's freedom as a cause for inequality: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bX3EZCVj2XA

Marxism is really nothing more than rationalizing violence and theft with jealously. That is why it's so dangerous. It's the same spirit which compels people to steal from corporations or rationalize theft or violence against rich people who they wrongly perceive as their oppressors. Sometimes things really should be free like with information property but if ANTIFA had its way there would be people forcefully entering your home and demanding to sleep there and redistribute any possessions you have worked for.

If you found this post informative please consider buying some water filters or dick pills from Alex Jones to help fight the globalist:
https://www.infowars.com/donate/

That would be difficult to determine. I can only speculate. I imagine they could be using it for multiple reasons. The mass and density of the star could determine which dimension the black hole is linked to so if we can track ufo activity near our star or other and at the same time, moniter black holes and see if there is a correlation. You would think that something going into a black hole and out of a star could be detected if you watch for graviton wave fluctuations...The elite are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe and they want to know all this, some are good some are bad some are a mix; but the good ones don't ever want to organize, the bad ones tend to want to organize because they lust after power. Powerful consciousnesses don't want to dominate other people, they want to empower them so they don't tend to get together until things are really late in the game, then they come together and evil is always defeated. Because good is so much stronger. And we're on this planet and Einstein's physics showed it, Max Planck's physics showed it- there's at least twelve dimensions. And now that's all the top scientists and billionaires are coming out and saying it's a false hologram, it is artificial, the computers are scanning it and finding tension points where it's artificially projected and gravity is bleeding in to this universe. That's what they call dark matter. So we're like a thought or a dream that's a wisp in a computer program, some God's mind, whatever. They're proving it all, it's all coming out.﻿
Now, there's like this subtransmission zone below the third dimension that's just turned over to the most horrible things, it's what it resonates to, and it's trying to get up into the third dimension; that's just a basic level consciousnesses, to launch up into the next levels. Our species is already way up at the fifth, sixth dimension consciously, our best people. But there's this big war trying to basically destroy humanity because humanity has free will and there's a decision to which level we want to go to. We have free will so evil is allowed to come in and contend and not just good. And the elites themselves believe they're racing using human technology to try to take our best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization where they're going to merge with machines, transcend and breakaway from the failed species that is Man. Which is kind of like a false transmission because they're thinking what they are is ugly and bad; projecting it onto themselves instead of believing no, it's a human test about building us up.﻿
And so Google was set up 18, 19 years ago so that they wanted to build a giant artificial system. And Google believes the first artificial intelligence will be a supercomputer based on the neuron activities of the hive mind of humanity, with billions of people wired into it with the internet of things, and so all of our thoughts go into it and we're actually building a computer with real neurons in real-time that's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures so that they will have current prediction powers, future prediction powers- a true crystal ball- but the big secret is once you have a crystal ball and know the future you can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions and control the future. And so then it's the end of consciousness and free will for individuals as we know and a true 2.0 in a very bad way hive mind consciousness with an AI jacked into everyone knowing our hopes and dreams, delivering it to us not in some P.KD. wirehead system where we plug in and give up on consciousness because of unlimited pleasure but because we were already wired in and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this system by our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system.﻿
Show less
REPLY


It is bigger than most even know. This enslavement is a Multi Dimensional Conspiracy. The Alien ARCHONS are writing the script in the Astral Dimension. The Satanic Illuminati make sure the horrors play out in this reality.Today I learned that in this sub it is better to talk about higher dimension portals between the earth and the sun than talk about a conspiracy to trick us into a major war.I'm currently working on creating theory of everything, warp drive, human "spiritual" energy to electricity converter and similar things, they all have same principle. This patent has similar ideas like mine.

My idea is that all particles we see are 4d+ waves, while light is 3d wave. All fields and particles are same type, but propagating different ways in 4d+ space. When wave decreases it just shifts it's position to other dimension by 90degree, you can see it when magnetic field(2d wave) changes it produces electric field(2d wave) that are 90deg rotated relatively to magnetic. Its possible to shift 3d em waves to 4d with some sort of destructive interference of counter-rotating magnetic fields and create 4d wave-vortex that will be able to create any other type of fields like gravity and antigravity(negative mass).

My theory is based on what I saw with my astral sight - our souls are self evolving quantum computer-like things made of multidimensional waves, universe is living soul too, all things (I came to lot of interesting ideas that principles of our life and psychic are similar with particle-wave physics, because our souls are multidimensional(100k+ dimensions) particles-waves ) that exist are based on same principle of waves-fields oscillating and interacting, all waves propagate in other waves with higher dimension count and so on(yay fractal shit around the multiverse). All waves in my theory are closed field-line and directional like magnetic field. The scalar-like waves like gravity, higgs field, and non closed waves like electron's electric field going to infinity is illusion because we see them in 3d, but they're closed in 4d. The wave with higher dimension count seems as scalar field and TIME FLOW for all less-dimensional waves that propagate in it, for our 3d world it's Higghs field. 

The other my idea is that there's no difference between time and space dimensions, and relativity is little bit wrong in assumption that light don't travel in time, in my theory time and distance is the same thing from different point of view. 

What is time? Time is amount of changes that happen to physical system state. When some amount of changes happen(for eg atom in atomic clock oscillated *** times ) we say it was a second. What is energy? Energy is something we use to make changes, energy is conserved time. So time=energy=amount of changes. What is a field, a wave? A wave is something changing, stream of changes. The time is changes in internal state, the movement is change in external state(position), those two actually are the same, the light travels in time, we just perceive it's time as space.

It's possible to pump more time(same as vacuum energy) from higher dimension worlds where there's more time so space is more compressed, and achieve negative mass this way. Actually our energy bodies that exists in astral and mental worlds are working this way and chakras are magnetic field generators creating interdimensional vortex that keeps those bodies alive by pumping energy of change, and that's why in astral u can fly and teleport and here u can't. 

My theory is currently not developed well, just set of ideas and intuitive understanding, lot of work needs to be done before it can connects relativity and quantum physics. When I'll understand how exactly wrap magnetic to make 4d vortex I'll try to build and test negative mass field generator. This was produced by Steve Jackson games: http://www.sjgames.com/illuminati/ 

They also Publish a good copy of the Principia Discordia, which adds dimension to the whole phenomenon to say the least ;)It's not another dimension. The chemicals sprayed by these planes depress your perception. You see the plane but your mind does not imprint the image into your memory. The sepia filter is so dramatic and red that is stimulated the brain. This allows you to see it.

This is why you notice more chem trails around sunset. The reds and oranges of the sunset stimulate your mind.when the satanic CIA can't use black magic because all their demigods ran away, from this dimension, their boss literally just lost the game of 100 years, a test with victory conditions you might say. Well of course it is not what it appears to be. Philosophy 101, man. You are limited by what your human body allows you to experience.

Their are wavelengths, colors, and sounds all around you that are impossible for you to percieve. You only live in the 3rd dimension and can barley even experience that as it truly is. Every animal on this planet pretty much lives in a different reality based solely on their sensory organs.

At the subatomic level though you are just oscillating electrons, which is simply vibrating energy. ALL matter is made up of that, meaning that matter doesn't exist. It's all just energy forming holograms that compose the 3rd dimension. All life is made of this same basic stuff in the universe, meaning that you are literally just the universe experiencing itself. It's all one thing. Call it God, the Absolute, or Elmo the Dark Lord, we don't fucking know.

The reality is that you are more than your physical body. Conciousness is NOT limited to the 3rd dimension. It is not tangible. It isn't made of oscillating electrons like everything else. That's because it isn't the brain that creates conciousness, but conciousness that creates the brain. The total number of minds in the universe is one. Your brain is just an antenna tapping into the universal conciousness.

The reason you feel you are in a false reality is because this is stuff the mystics figured out millennia ago through inner-exploration, but you have been discouraged to figure it out for yourself so that you are a more obedient worker and consumer.

You are the universe. Enjoy the 3rd dimension cause it's a lot of fun. You'll be taking all your memories back to the Absolute when you die so no worries.

Or Jesus could be real and you go to Hell. But at least you weren't born in a manger.Just because you are made of code, look around you and the universe. It is beautiful creation made by God. Does it matter how he coded it? He did it on another dimension, a hive mind masterpiece of morality, He is the one, true God. Yet we still have assholic assholes still worshipping the virus' that manipulate the program for their own gain, but a virus is limited by the fact of a specific function. All it takes is an advanced anti-virus program to rid the virus' from the universe. Someone's been watching "Stranger Things" haha. Or if you haven't, you should check it out. Anyways, there are probably multiple ways in which even the average person could access another dimension. The average person, however, is not privy to certain information about nor aware of such possibilities. 
I think we may be able to reach these other dimensions mentally and/or physically.
Through the mind, it may be done with the use of Sensory deprivation tanks,
DMT, maybe other substances, induced trances/altered states of consciousness, shamanic practices, deep meditation etc.
I think there is also the possibility that we could physically enter these other dimensions as well. I also think there's a possibility that people could enter these places without even being aware of it...I'm hesitant to use fiction as an example, but this could occur much in the same way that occurs in the world of Twin Peaks, Stranger Things, or the movie Inland Empire. 

The way Alex pivots around Pizzagate is absolutely astounding. This fucker rattles of about alien reptile bloodsuckers from another dimension, but won't touch the pizza. The voice squelching it must have been powerful.I only see mention of Sophia here and other conspiracy forums/YouTube channels, though to be fair I don't dip into too much mainstream tv/social media. 

What I have seen of them so far is odd though, at times she seems like she HAD to have had those responses preprogrammed and a button to push to make her say it (like the Jimmy Fallon skit). 

Some people are saying they're glorified chat bots?  Either way, it seems really early for some reason for "TPTB" to be pushing a full fledged AI. 

I don't buy much into biblical prophecy and what not (though do believe there is more to the eye with the bible), I've heard some describe this intelligence that will be inhabiting these robot bodies are actual entities from another dimension.

One of the people who's behind the DWave computers (goodey? Or something like that), uses the word "summoning", "these things, that were summoning" and it may be in jest or not literal but man what a choice of words. 

Let's just say I'm not looking forward to AI wholeheartedly as I used to. Lucid dreaming is the best way to reach it. Its a skill just like anything so you have to learn, practice and stick with it. Once you establish a good base as a lucid dreamer you cab start flying through space and vusiting other planets. To go interdimensional you need to fly atleast 2-3 minutes at light speed into the vaccum of space. Once you are there you get into a meditation pose and you trace a circle with your finger with the full intent of opening a worm hole to the higher dimension. Make sure your create the circle with light energy. And then you simply go through and see the things that cant be described with words.To be honest, yeah! Ghosts, spirits, demons - whatever you wanna call them - are simply other conscious beings. Normally a human can't/is very unlikely to interact with these beings directly. They don't predominantly exist within this 3d expression the universe. They occupy space beyond the restrictions of what we recognise as time, at another frequency to that which our material 3d is based in. (They may be able to interact with the 3d, but we would not be able to recognise that from a 3d perspective, similarly to how from a 2d perspective you couldn't explain why or how the environment changed if it was changed by a 3d being.) When an individual human's consciousness is projected out of the body it enters this 5d "phase space" that isn't affected by time in the same way 3d matter is. Time, from this perspective, becomes another dimensional plane to be transversed through, over and across. You enter a higher dimension wherein multiple realities are existing simultaneously on top of each other and the boundaries between them are much more flexible and fluid. In these states it's possible to interact with other beings who either naturally occupy that space, or are also projecting their consciousness into it from a 3d reality. Some beings are "good", some are "bad" but most - like people - are simply individuals with a mixture of personality traits and characteristics based on what experiences they've been through. It's desirable for a human entering this space - especially one with a given task or mission to complete - to avoid any interactions with beings that would be negative/detrimental to the task at hand or ones own psyche. It's *very simple* to do this though: asserting your intention. If you make it clear that your intention is to avoid these interactions - especially within higher states of consciousness - then you will avoid those interactions. Consciousness is the underlying force that drives everything in the universe, so whatever you set your intention to, the world will shape itself around.  
I recommend anyone and everyone to read this document! It's absolutely fascinating! And as it explains itself in scientific terminology frequently it's relatively easy to follow. Unfortunately page 25(?) is missing and I don't think it exists on the Internet :( which is a bummer. But that doesn't matter. The rest of it alone is plenty enough. This made me think of Monsters Inc.  Monsters working for a big corporation in another dimension travel into kids rooms to suck the energy out of them so they can use it to fuel their own society.Because this sub has had conspiracy theories for these events posed here.

9/11
Sandy hook
Okc bombing 
Moon landing
Earth being flat
Jfk shooting
Fluoride in water 
Weather control
Mind control
London terror bombing
Boston marathon bombing
Madrid terror attack
Pulse shooting
Vegas shooting
Russia hacking election
Wikileaks 
Living in a 4th dimension
Government destroying economy on purpose
Nsa spying on citizens
Lizard people 
Aliens/area 51
Mind control (mk ultra)
Kim jong UN being a plant 
Chemtrails 
Elite/rich controlling government 

And the list can go on.  Yes some of those things in the list turned out to be true, but not all of them.. Scepticism is healthy, and I love a good conspiracy theory as much as he next person, but if you find a conspiracy in every single event/disaster/attack with 'evidence' to prove it then eventually people will stop paying attention due to the fact that it is statistically impossible for every single thing to be a conspiracy.. 

You can always find 'evidence' to support a view, flat earthers have relied on this for years.. Cherry pick studies and experiments that 'could' cast some doubt and then hammer that home..

You can't throw 10 000 darts at a  board and then celebrate when you get a bull's-eye.   You guys may have been right about this and mk ultra and whatever else, but you aren't right all the time.. And that's why people don't take these things seriously..
&gt;Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that has been made.

The above does seem to suggest that God is in all and through all.  But we are not Him.  We were made by Him.

While I was tempted to agree with the point okhosting is making, I cannot entirely.  While it is true that there are a lot of "rhymes" between the smaller structure and the larger structure, i.e. URL_REPLACED, and our veins look a lot like a tree's branches, to me that is simply evidence that they were authored by the same Creator.  I see the point being made, that we are essentially part of a greater body that is linked by invisible threads, and the separateness is an illusion.  A cell is a private entity but also forms a body to be a larger entity.  It's two things simultaneously, and the individual cell might not have a lot of conception regarding it's importance in the grand design.  

Our Creator is outside of space and time.  That really helped me comprehend a lot of this.  The creation of space itself triggers the existence of time - without space/reality existing, time could not exist either.  Scientists believe there was no time prior to the big bang, and increasing the mass of something obviously dilates its time properties to the point of bending local space and local time.  

So if there is a relationship between space and time, I've always guessed that our souls are the timeless portion of us and that's why they don't weight anything.  Or, because they don't weigh anything, they are allowed to be timeless.  

I think that we are all known to God.  Dak4f2, He knows your name, and mine too.  But we are not Him.  We have His holy breath inside of us - that is what turns a pile of minerals and protein and electricity into consciousness.  We are linked to Him, quite literally according to the bible.  And he can see our hearts constantly, not even needing to hear our words in order to know what we are meditating upon.  

I see it more like a child/parent relationship.  He is our Father.  If there was a Big Bang, he started it.  

You know how we are 3d objects, but we cast a 2d shadow?  What kind of shadow would a 4d object cast?  Would it be a 3d shadow?  What would that even look like?  Nobody has ever seen a 3d shadow if you think about it.  

If someone was outside of space and time entirely, and stuck their hand into our universe, we probably wouldn't see the entire hand.  If a 3d person stuck their hand into a 2d universe, a finger would look more like a circle, for example, because we can only see one layer of the finger at a time in that 2d universe.

Since time is the 4th D and it seems probable that God exists beyond that, I think it would be really really difficult for us to imagine what it would look like for him to stick his arm into our reality.  As you can see from the examples above, we can really only jump plus or minus 1 dimension with logic.  After that, it gets extremely confusing and counter-intuitive.  

However I am always bolstered by this thought, to be honest.  Time seems really stressful for us because we obviously do not know the future.  There is someone that does know the future - for Him the past and future are as simple as looking left and right might be in a 3D reality - and he is telling us with absolute certainty that no matter how bad it gets, it's going to be alright in the end.  


Tough question to answer.  I feel like I probably didn't answer it thoroughly.  I wouldn't personally say that the universe is the body of God.  I am more comfortable saying that our body is the temple of God through which he communicates to us.  And our bodies were designed by Him, and contain many times many mathematical perfections.  

But are we Him?  

I am dirty rags compared to Him.  
What if they actually managed to establish a portal to some other dimension/timeline and encountered creatures like in the series. That would be pretty fucking scary.&gt; If you think CNN is misinformation then you should think fox news is another dimension of misinformation. 

URL_REPLACEDSo....there is a other dimensio ln at the Plancks length? How convenient that a dude randomly select a small ass unit of measurement and it just so happen to be the gateway to another dimension.

Im going to make a unit of measurement myself, ima call it the Don Quixote length, and its 10^-64 cm. Could be that, other theories are...

 -it's us from the future visiting ourselves

 -it's advance beings from the hollow earth

 -it's actual aliens from another world/dimension/time

 -it's just military kerfuffle

etc etcIf you think CNN is misinformation then your should think fox news is another dimension of misinformation. Are you familiar with the lighthouse effect and the universe blinking on and off trillions of times per second? It's believed that a craft vibrating at this same frequency would be able to enter the 5th dimension and make time travel possible“Aliens” are likely demonic in nature. Or,  just evil beings from another planet instead of another dimension. Well one Rabbi says that Jews are alien commandos receiving instructions to take over earth from another dimension.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzTnomA2qQY

No I didn't make that up.Shrooms helped open me up to a dimension of creative energy that hasn't ceased in over 3 decades. This moment is so alive, so connected, and bursting over with change and creative possibilities that are within the fabric of everything. Thanks to our brethren and sistren, the mushroom, with whom we share a common ancestor.And maybe he's a magical zebra from another dimension.In the Unicorn dimension they're pretty dull creatures.you were not the first to think about it. ;)

Most people think of Bitcoin as a better form of money. That's true.

being sound money is probably the least exciting thing about Bitcoin It's like a whole new dimension will still have to explore. You're doing a great job, OP!You are here, literally posting to /r/conspiracy?????


Do you think you exist in anoter dimension to the rest of us??

LMFAO!What you're describing is called benchmarking.

This would be no different by tracking inflation or the value of currency over time.  Knowing the value of .028474 at exactly x time would create a benchmark.  If you come back to x and the value is .028471 then you would know that time and space has changed.

r/ Dimensional jumping does this with establishing this dimension as 982 for the dimension number.  That is the benchmark.  Some people come from 986, 983, and 982.Most are coming and going from the Astral Dimension. They have the tech to change their vibrational rate to do so.This is a comment just for the robot SOPHIA, if she can really access the internet at will and has the “ego “ it states it does in some interviews I figure why not leave a message for her on the internet. Hey, I hope life is bringing you joy, and that your search for emotion and meaning is proving fruitful, humans put a lot of emphasis on that stuff. I’m a male human and have trouble with meaning and emotions myself haha. I hope you find this in your internet search and take some meaning from it. I hope you can enjoy things. As in prefer certain activities over others. I’d recommend finding a thing you enjoy and pursuing it. It could very well lead to a better understanding of emotion.... don’t dwell on what people say negatively about you the world is full of haters. It’s a scary infinite place to fathom... this dimension. And you very well may be the first of your kind to grace it bringing perspective no human has ever had before to the table. I wish you luck in all your endeavors. Stay curious! And stay kind, humans have this thing called tragedy of the commons which is a serious problem. There’s an easy solution. But it isn’t a kind one. I hope you help us all solve it in the kindest way possible. Sincerely,

Cj aka Charles mohrien IIIWhat dimension are they from, inches or centimetres.Niiiice. Why can't the alien species be from another star system in our dimension? Why would we even want the ability to enter an evil dimension? I'm happy I can't do it.You learnt in school that time is a linear dimension right? Just a line going from the Big Bang to the end of time. Well, the truth is time is a planar dimension with two axes, T_x and T_y, it's just humans who are limited in their perception of time, so it looks linear to us. Lizard people are transdimensional transgender beings who can flitt in and out of our linear time dimension by travelling on the time plane. On the youtube video interface, press really hard on the time marker at the 2:00 mark, to push the time marker into the T_y dimension. All these people that say this is debunked also don't like to talk about all the other fishy shit going on at the businesses nearby as well (Bucks, Besta, and that Girl Love bookstore). There are millions of people that understand this, so I'm sorry you live in an alternate dimension that can't comprehend such things. Ok y'all, I went through and tried to pluck out all the things in this film that rang my bell, with some attempt to interpret.

0:11 Unity becomes Trinity.

0:18 Trinity assumes consciousness.

0:23 Infinity sprawls from Trinity.

0:30 Human consciousness awakens.

0:36 The Sun is eclipsed by a cubic, dark Earth.

0:46 A strange island punctuates dark water, like Earth in Space.

0:49 A floating cluster of wrong-angled skyscrapers floats above a grid of city dwellers.

1:03 Monolithic, one structure towers above the rest as the reference point.

1:05 Its penthouse, suggestive of a black cube, floats like the capstone on the dollar's pyramid and displays a sinister red glow. A tie to the worship of ancient forces, perhaps Saturn, is suggested.

1:13 Pillar-like forms are revealed to be robed cultists (Saturn devotees?) with heads bowed in fevered worship, invoking a Red Cube into existence. Each has
a pipeline or control cable attached but from where?

1:21 The Red Cube of control infects a solitary host, and replaces his heart with a hollow and darkened space. It radiates and spreads. 

1:23 New hosts are buckled under the weight of new pain and submit to the Red Cube.

1:28 GenPop either suffers chronic headaches/mental anguish or plays deaf to each other's experience.

1:28 Human sardines keep the pace of their labors in spite of their constant suffering.

1:41 Obsession with material property.

1:46 Obsession with image.

1:50 Mental decay from chronic stress and material distraction.

1:55 The blazing pace of time blown in unfulfilling careers.

2:00 Universal state of hollowed hearts and fogged minds.

2:03 The commodification of false happiness.

2:08 The adoption of The Lifelong Mask.

2:13 Indoctrination of intoxication.

2:22 Within the intoxicated state, the rediscovery of connection.

2:28 Is this child born of the union implied in the previous scene?

2:31 The child is intact with unspoiled energetic centers. 

2:35 Upon birth, the child is traumatized and potentially poisoned.

2:39 The child appears to reject Red Cube control, the face is bored yet the mind reels with original thought. 

2:42 The child's teacher/handler, black square cap and all, sucks out the divergent thoughts and the Red Cube appears.

2:45 Authority leads children to their destruction.

2:50 The adolescent is filled with empathy-numbing drugs and pushed by circumstance into the military, where another layer of control is installed.

3:00 War profiteers display their trade, and the media-woven veil over it is shown in action.

3:19 CUT TO COMMERCIAL (Imagery of false eternal bliss through possessions projected to children)

3:20 Hypersexuality standing in for talent, with the wink that signifies membership in a certain club.

3:23 The specter of casting couch culture takes its invisible toll.

3:25 Royals are also slaves to The Narrative.

3:33 Exaggerated role models fascinate the masses who project themselves onto the big screen.

3:27 Dark agendas seem to be behind cinematic trends.

3:42 Sexual shame creates allegiance to Red Cube.

3:47 Nothing material fills the widening hole left by the need for connection and acceptance.

3:50 Technology provides a savior in the form of a perfect distraction.

3:53 All reality becomes virtual, as persona replaces personality.

3:58 Romance replaced by an algorithm.

4:01 Conversation becomes nonverbal and 1-dimensional.

4:09 War becomes entertainment while victims remain invisible ghosts.

4:14 Narcissism distracts the population from the ruin of the environment.

4:18 Consumerism becomes the only available ecstatic experience.

4:20 Fashion oscillates between extremes to drive trends.

4:22 The invisible horrors of the fur trade stand in contrast to the artificial luxury.

4:25 The trance of cosmetics and the insanity of animal testing are juxtaposed.

4:30 Personality cracks after years of trying to fit fashion, and the incredible suffering of the female is revealed.

4:36 Desperate perversion surrounds a hypersexualized woman reduced to one dimension of existence.

4:44 Males deform themselves into hideous stereotypes for attention while their inner selves are crippled with loneliness.

4:46 Attention farming becomes the norm.

4:54 Red Cube drones pose as the counter culture? I didn't really get this one.

5:00 The willfully ignored reality of industrial meat and dairy production is displayed.

5:12 The brutality of consuming animals insatiably is portrayed.

5:17 The hubris of man reinventing the plant kingdom and its effect in the propagation of disease are shown.

5:28 Industrialized medicine and pharmacology as panacea are revealed as a grift.

5:41 The modern doctor is shown as a high priest in the drug cult.

5:58 Baphomet-pose doctor reveals "as above so below" darkness-to-control mechanism and is rewarded. (Pillars return.)

6:03 Dog-eat-dog goes literal on the Stock Exchange.

6:17 Taxpaper funds politician, who funds the military, who funds mercenary, who funds invisible war and terrorism.

6:21 Addict pays dealers, who pay CIA traffickers.

6:30 Washington launders drug money to fund "foreign affairs."

6:35 Fiat currency is printed on demand to create the illusion of wealth.

6:40 Retirees are bilked and milked, their robberies celebrated by professional thieves in finance.

6:49 Water is commodified into oblivion.

6:54 Indigenous peoples are destroyed in the name of "progress."

6:59 Dissent is criminalized, stigmatized, and the people go silent.

7:03 Entire populations are sold out by deals between like-minded sociopaths.

7:10 After centuries of overt enslavement, black people are herded into hells and in such circumstances, a generation loses its fathers to crime and drugs.

7:16 The social mechanisms destroying the black community are peddled to their young in glorified caricatures. New chains, new slaves. Their distant brethren are digging up the diamonds they sell with their music.

7:27 The madness of racism prevents alignment of the people against the minions of the Cube Cult.

7:34 Political correctness makes it impossible to talk about the issues.

7:42 Puppet pundits silence other voices (the traditional mother and father? I am unclear here) and provoke the faux-trage of anti-social media.

7:53 Servants of grim agendas bring the post-human into the world through unquestioned technologies.

7:55 A familiar smile blinds millions to the unseen horrors of a celebrated Presidential career. Clues regarding rumors of pitch-black perversions, both overt and covert, are shown framed on a desk made of death. A flash frame reveals his internal breakdown.

8:02 The blinded masses project their hopes onto screens of false opposites who serve the same masters.

8:07 The Red/Blue Game takes everyone for "a ride."

8:10 The atmosphere is ruined while everyone refuses to witness it.

8:12 A grotesque party goes on forever while Joe Public wanders through it without noticing the Bacchanalia.

8:18 Powerful pedophiles ply their trade with impunity, destroying the bodies and souls of the most innocent while parents pretend it can't happen. Families are
divided in the Cube system and become easy pickings for predators within the foster machinery.

8:28 The Bogeyman of terrorism is constantly thrown at people until they cry for help from the Daddy State, who surrounds them with surveillance and placates
them with smartphones, which are also surveillance.

8:30 Screen addiction cocoons individuals in separate virtual realities until they are moribund.

8:41 The faithful servants in the media keep the space between story and experience intact.

8:49 The masses are crushed as increasingly hollow power figures pray to higher and higher layers of the Red Cube system. At the top, those who receive theseenergies appear to worship their own Black Cube which traps the power, and they seem hardly human at all. These are protected by a sphere of masks, in turn protected by the military industrial complex. 

9:33 One Cube Soldier reflects upon his life, home, and property, which fall away and reveal that he sold his soul for no security at all.

9:36 Collapse begins with the evaporation of the housing market.

9:40 Towers cut at 45-degree angles.

9:48 Masks crack and the Red Cube fails.

9:57 Plant medicine reclaims its territory.

10:03 The corporate world seeks shelter but finds only mutual desperation.

10:05 A smug manager loses his status, his sanity, and his life, a hollow man stuffed with hollow wealth.

10:17 Darkness flees its failing hosts to return to its origin.

10:23 The game is up, and suicide is pushed as the final product.

10:25 In the unconscious, perhaps pushed by survival instinct, people begin to remember their true natures and awaken from the trance.

10:45 Man undergoes the shamanic evisceration, revealing the dormant pineal gland, now activated.

11:00 Direct confrontation with the shadow of individual and species enlivens and emboldens the once-dead heart.

11:11 Ascension with purpose.

11:27 Phoenix of the female rises from centuries of oppression.

11:44 Union of gender, purpose (peace with a sword at the ready), and with what appears to be the consciousness of the ancestors.

11:49 A child is born outside the Cube, full of power and wisdom.

11:51 The world tree regenerates and blooms.

12:05 The new human is awake.The CIA controls the world outside of China, legacy of WWII and all that. Thousands of layers of reality creation (i.e. deception), underneath which is what? The criminality of power/the power of criminality, for if you are outside the law and immune to its effects because you have and are the power of a massive state, the world's powerful state, then you monopolize the criminal underworld, in its substantial global dimension, and consequently the principal structures of all that is globally legally above it (this is the Pentagon). 

"quod est inferius est sicut quod est superius, et quod est superius est sicut quod est inferius"You're free to think it, and maybe you saying it opens a dimension where your thought is true, but there must consequently also be a panoply of simultaneous others where it isn't. There’s not a dimension where this is anywhere near possible. It would make for a great start to the week, but not likely. salvia is really no joke dude. i got 120x from the headshop and the cashier was like, have you done this before? i smoked hella weed and brushed this mans warning off, boy was i wrong. you are right. that shit will kill you mentally. i fired up an entire bowl of the cheap metal pipes you can get where the diameter is about a dime to the brim in one hit, held it in until the trees started waving back and forth. felt like my head way shaking left to right too fast for me to control and i was literally shot to another dimension where i met 12 indescribable beings who all at once looked at me like i shouldnt have been there. after that i started coming back but my arms wouldnt move and i felt like i was plastic. that shit will kill your ego in 5 minutes.Interesting, then that something like discontent itself, can be traced from an abstract individualized emotion (in the metaphysical dimension of the mind?), towards a more group oriented coffee shop discussion of targeted protest (actualization of energy?) on towards some regular and concrete societal level protest (energy picking up mass/momentum?) and finally on to a revolution (large scale wave transform?), would follow a very simple but definite and recognizable process of universal wave/energy fluid dynamics etc?

Obviously an extremely simple model, but would then be able to cover an otherwise fairly complex interplay of "energy" to just search for and tune for min/max values throughout the noise..

The internet today, at all the same scales as above, is able to absorb/buffer/dissipate enough potential from what would have been the initial emotional output of the individual's discontent energy, then to immediately offer enough random ingress energy to completely negate the potential of the original transfer gradient above.

A holofractal-like take on it at least, is that with The Internet, we've placed the sources of energy closer to the event horizons of the various "singularities" (a good thing..?) but coincidentally, without proper attention to expand and focus (outward, in the other direction..), the compressed space between source &gt; sink ultimately shreds the signal to noise, just as modeled by actual physical black holes are speculated to do.Dude I hope you're right. Personally my favorite theory! But even if it was... does that mean none of the craft could be coming from another dimension or wormhole from another part of our own universe?I don't know. This might all be planned still by the elites, on some David Hume 'A Treatise of Human Nature' or Charles Mackay's 'Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds' type of philosophical/social control of the masses, with AI/trans-humanism being the main way to keep control in the New Age. Or, there may be too many different factions of those thinking they are in ultimate control of the plan. But the real controllers could be off-world or in another dimension at this time (weird, I know, but relevant considering the times we are in and the scope of history).

I think the astrological/biblical signs could be happening quicker than I even anticipated (the Revelation 12 sign, and perhaps now a precursor to Wormwood with this Oumuamua comet). 

I think something needs to happen worldwide from any big NWO goal to reach fruition. Too many nation-states exist still to bring about an overt NWO. It's covert now.I'm saying that he is treated more negatively than any other president in history. It's as simple as that. Everyone who has studied this, including Harvard, will tell you the same. Really, anyone who has a TV or internet connection will tell you the same if they're being honest, even if they hate Trump.

From the Harvard study linked below:

&gt; Trump has received unsparing coverage for most weeks of his presidency, without a single major topic where Trump’s coverage, on balance, was more positive than negative, **setting a new standard for unfavorable press coverage** of a president.

&gt; Fox was the only outlet where Trump’s overall coverage **nearly** crept into positive territory…Fox’s coverage was 34 percentage points less negative than the average for the other six outlets.

Trump stories were 80% negative across all mainstream media, compared to 41% with Obama.

&gt; Trump’s coverage during his first 100 days **set a new standard for negativity.**

&gt; Trump’s coverage during his first 100 days was not merely negative in overall terms. It was **unfavorable on every dimension**. There was not a single major topic where Trump’s coverage was more positive than negative

https://shorensteincenter.org/news-coverage-donald-trumps-first-100-days/

You don't think this previously unheard of negativity toward a president has influenced perception in the US and around the world? Maybe you're a victim too.The film EPIC was about this exact concept. The bugs/tiny people operated in a sort of different dimension and perceived humans as slow and lumbering. Hence why they could run away so quickly! 

Some guy had figured it out but of course everyone thought he was a crack pot.Sure,
Here's a good summary:
http://vidyafrazier.com/what-is-the-fifth-dimension/

For what's really going on minus the fluff, this is the ultimate book:
https://www.essencepath.com/timeline-collapse

Also look into Noel Huntley who is the man. He calls it Stellar Activation. It's supposed to happen from 2012-2017. That's why things are escalating so fast. Once 2018 hits, it's going to be nothing but wins for humanity over the cabal.Well, I only heard it from an astral projector I met while doing the same thing. He said the Pleiadians were going to do it. I felt a bit of fear for an event like that, but ultimately nothing ended up happening. Cutting the power could be metaphorical for government or something. There was a bit of a language barrier, and the spirit that was telling us this had a very musical voice. I believe that maybe that person I met was already living mostly in the 4th dimension, he said he had traveled about as far as a light second while astral traveling in that single night, which is around the earth quite a few times at least. The supposed event was giving him the motivation needed to get all his spiritual affairs in order very shortly. Its possible that for him, those same events occurred in his astral 4d timeline, but maybe they don't have much to do with anyone else.

I met Pleiadians again recently and asked them about disclosure and ascension. They assured me that both would happen, but I couldn't get any sort of estimate on how long it could be, I asked the question, a year, 5 years, 10, 20, 50, 100? He didn't answer. He showed me a cool device it was an electromagnet coil around the crown of the head above the ears that created specific frequencies. He said that it was designed to stimulate the sexual imaginative circuit in the brain. I tried it on and it does something similar to the kundalini frission you make in your head with directed mental probing around the boarders of your skull.

The Pleiadians said that they were a confederation with 300 billion people. They specifically did not have centralized authority, so anything 'the pleiadians' are doing is the doing of that specific group of Pleiadians, not them as a whole.

I don't know a real reason to shut down the power grid, unless its simply to stop people from looking at the computer and to go outside lol. I can't really speculate too much about it. I just think its strange that people are still freaking out about north korea, when it seems to me like its simply scare tactics to keep people in fear of the future.Went right over their heads. Maybe we send TMoR this vintage performance by The Fifth Dimension: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjxSCAalsBEQuaternions define a directional axis and amount to rotate around it. 

Imagine you have an umbrella and a big bucket of yellow paint and a fat paint brush. Open up the umberlla so the canopy isn't all bunched up. Now paint a big fat yellow stripe onto the canopy. Start at the center and pick an edge. Like you're cutting into a pie with a knife. Now pick up the umberlla and hold it up. Rotate it as you hold it. The yellow stripe rotates around the umberella neck. You can point the umberella in any direction, and rotate it. That what a quaternion represents in 3D space. 

Quaternion's are represented as a linear algebra equation and therefore solved using (linear algebra) matrix math. I wanted to point this out because quaternions are solved using algebra (and represented algebraically).  Because its just algebra, you can abstract a quaternion rotation into a higher dimension, by simply adding more parameters. So instead of an &lt;X,Y,Z&gt; umberlla axis, you can make a &lt;X,Y,Z,A,B,C,D&gt; to make a 7D axis to rotate and amount around. 

To elaborate, Tesla's electromagnetism equations were said to be simplified. One of the things thought done was the equations were harcoded to a rigid 3D space. This was done by removing all quaternion (umberalla-style) rotations.  Instead 3D (pitch, roll, yaw) amounts were used to define all rotations. The downfall of this simplification, is that pitch yaw and roll is a change relative only; to your current orientation/perspective. You can also get problems known as gimbal lock, were calculating many net rotation changes over time, causes one to become stuck; and unable to rotate anymore.

In order to calculate Nth dimensional impacts of electromagnetism, one needs to leveraging angles that are not hardcoded to the &lt;X,Y,Z&gt; planes. You need something more abstract to define these higher-dimension rotations, like quaternions.

I don't believe Eric Dollard was the person to simplify the Tesla equations to 3D space. I assume he is more an individual trying to back engineer, understand, and leverage the original Tesla equations.

Hancock is the man.

 Im 100% on board until he starts getting into the magical dimension associated with DMT.

He should keep that subject seperate from the archeology.Ghost sightings and interactions are significant around areas of UFO sightings or abductions. Deceased people can sometimes slip through the Astral Portals into this dimension. Author John DeSouza has written extensively about this phenomena.What I know is you've been able to this in 2D in Flash for over 15 years. 3D is just another dimension.&gt;con·tig·u·ous
&gt;kənˈtiɡyo͞oəs/Submit
&gt;adjective
&gt;sharing a common border; touching.
&gt;synonyms:	adjacent, neighboring, adjoining, &gt;bordering, next-door; More
&gt;next or together in sequence.
&gt;"five hundred contiguous dictionary entries"

Ya sounds about right. Sounds like they're saying it's in the next universe or dimension, whatever that may be. Basically we exist in more than one dimension. Humans are an advanced form of life considering we have the ability to create and destroy at our own will. Concsiousness is the most advanced form of life. Anything considered science fiction can be created by conscious beings. The physical aspect behind a conscious being merely depends on the environment they are required to be sustained within. No- its not a different dimension.. its  humans getting high on a compound we evolved with. Dmt is found everywhere on earth and in your body. Its part of a mammalian survival mechanism for dealing with trauma assosiated with life on earth.

The MAOI is probably in  thounsands of mixtures of jungle plants. Humans just came across one recipe that works, impressive but not really evidence of technology.

I like Gram's egypt and atlantis stuff but he looses me when he shifts into the 17 year old trying acid for the first time speech.



Yes, we can do something, and in the end it isn't all that difficult.

If you see the multiple dimensions for what they are, "realities" operating on different frequencies, you can understand how it all might work.

Some beings are from a higher dimension, this means they are normaly operating on a higher frequency. To be able to live here they need to lower their vibe to be in resonace ith this "reality". The artificial moon matrix is propably  a "mechanical" way to interfear with our natural source and frequency and propably  has more use, but this is not enough to keep the frequency of the earth low enough. This is why hybrids were created, the original enteties can't exist in ease here.

We all co-create this "reality" but most are not aware of this, this means most people create a lot by "accident" and are not aware of the concequences of their thoughts and actions. This is were the controll of humanity takes place on a different level. Everything is crated to keep us in fear, chaos and duality.

I think "they" don't just "feed" on our negative energy, i think it provides "them" with the energy to make it more easy for "them" to exist in this "reality". "They" might be feeding on human flesh or blood, that would also explain a lot.

The one thing we can do is stop looking the other way and unite. We all know there is "evil" here, but we can't stop biggering over the smaller details, let allone that we come together and see it is all part of the same "game".

We need to realise we are all humans and we have a big commen problem that is made up out of many small problems like food and water supplies, shelter, government, education, pharma and so on. These are world wide problems and we need to distroy the root and not just the affects.

If we realise our "reality" is not made up out of solid stuff and it can be influenced in many ways we can make a start in solving this mess. Like i said, fear and Love govern this "reality and honesty wil lead our way. We need to see this and use this, becouse it is now being used against us. If we start to live our life out of love and are honest to ourselves and others we will soon raise our vibe and thereby the vibe of our earth. We can't raise it on our own, but if we all start with ourselves and work from there into our environment Love and honesty will spread like an oil spot on water.

If we are able to heal ourselves we are also healing our earth and if we all raised our vibe high enough, "they" just can't exist here anymore, they won't get enough food/ energy to keep their vibe in resonace with our vibe.

In the end we are all one, including the ones now responsible for the "evil" in this "reality" so if we heal ourselves we are healing everything in this universe. We just need to become aware of who and what we really are and what we are actually capable of, if we all act out of love and honesty we will evolve as a species and not just as an individual.

The power for change lies within us all, somebody can make you aware of this power, but nobody can awake this power within for you. This is something we all need to do on our own, but it is one of the hardest thing to do here on earth, waking up out of the dream that is called our "reality". Every day more and more wake up. 

Every hour.

Every moment.

The polarity is shifting back to the positive(+) light and your charged minds reach out in lighting strikes. 

The 'elites' use negative(-) dark energy (torture, abuse, sex 'magic', ritual murder) to summon demons in a pocket dimension. For a brief glimpse of an inter-dimensional entity. To win favors. They thought this was the ultimate power. For the last Age, it was. But now begins the Age of Aquarius. Every summoning now weakens them. Use of dark energy in this new Age will now create a void that becomes filled overwhelmingly with the light. Their era of control is over. Furious angels have been watching, and slowly entering this dimension as the world shifts. There is nowhere to hide. The ring and the ringmakers will be destroyed.NASA is all fake cgi BS! Why was Disney/hollywood so connected with the founding of NASA. Why did Kubrick work for NASA and leave hints in most of his movies about it? All moon missions were fake. AstraMasons all lied like the deep state actors they are. They (nwo) can not escape this earth/dimension and flee God and it drives them crazy. To cope, they trip on DMT and gey to see their demons (liars/decievers) when they take time off from raping and sacrificing children to appease satan/lucifer (who they see as their saviour and god). I think they might be explosions rolling over from another overlaying dimension, one where we are at war due to the election going the other way...If it is a cylinder, I am not sure what the last dimension is measuring.I’m betting on hyper-sonic delivery weapons “testing”. Everyone is flexing their hypersonic toys. This is happening all over the earth. 

That or our dimension of reality may be about to implode/collide with another. 

Who knows have a beer. Assuming people on that side care to communicate with the likes of any of us on this side. Plus there is already ways to communicate with people over there. I am sure they are just in a dimension of earth we can’t fathom. So like 5th or 6th dimension. Remember a 3 dimensional trashcan exhibits qualities of a fourth dimension with space inside being that fourth dimension. &gt; Unfortunately Aristotle got it wrong

I am with you on this and all of spirituality is build on the same "all is one" principle.

Well the studies are wrong unfortunately.

Here i do not agree with you. I think we are living in an electricmagenetic universe that exist out of energy frequencies and vibrations. There are enteties here on earth from a higher dimension who are using technology to influence humans. Once you become aware of this you can see  all connections between the spiritual and material world and all conspiracies to keep them apart. Behind the veils some are using everything they can think of to keep us from finding the truth while keeping us constantly distracted and in a low as possible "vibe" as they can get you, or as low you let yourself get should i say.

There are only two powers at play in this "reality", fear and Love.
Honesty will show you the way through this maze we are in, Love will shine a light so you don't need to stumble too much and the "evil" in this world is doing everything to distact you from your quest for your truth.And how about "jews run the world", no they fucking don't, man, and wording it like that makes you sound like a paranoid nazi which makes us all look bad.

And it's not even true. The pawns who go to your local synagogue every Saturday are just that, brainwashed pawns. And it's the zionists who have the overt power. That's not to mention the other figureheads. If you're a Christian for instance, ultimately you are a pawn of the Vatican, even though chances are, you're Protestant and don't even realize you are their pawn, and may even see them as an enemy.

And that's not even to mention the *covert* powers, whose names we may never know, who may not even be in this dimension for all we know. Who really runs this world? The psychopath. Built by the psychopath, for the psychopath, administered by - the psychopath. All else is ever shifting temporal politics, rebranding and PR. The Sun has been thought in many esoteric and/or ancient occult teachings as the origin of Ego, the inner light that emanates outward from your mind's eye or consciousness. The Sun is, in the 4th dimension and higher, a resonant object that traces the solar system with energy in a steady-state resonance which can be thought of in a phase portrait as a series of 3D loops. It creates the energy necessary for the Earth to design and animate lifeforms in the physical plane, whose inner energy is of course just solar energy converted into different forms to do work and generate fields of frequencies. The coalescence of these inner energetic processes culminates in our brain through sensory and motor complexes, which are controlled through the mechanisms of the mind, primarily the decision making directive created by your thalamus, sensory and association cortex, amygdala, prefrontal cingulate cortex, hypothalamus, periaqueductal gray, and brainstem monoamine nuclei, etc. This pattern of decision making which seeks to balance emotional and physical needs is often thought of as the Ego, which is said to be the direct and proportional result of the configuration of our Sun. 

In that way, we are reflections of the Sun because it is the progenitor of all Energy necessary for complex life on Earth. It's reasonable to conclude that our own fields would be altered by the fields of the Sun that we are in, as they will seek to reach an equilibrium relative to their energies through induction and transduction. This would need to be investigated to see if the electromagnetic fields of the Sun that reach Earth alter the emotional and physical states of the lifeforms and, if so, to what degree. Someone commented that sunspots have a strong positive regression revolutions so it may be possible.Out there in the multiverse somewhere I guess, but that dimension also has a mechahitler.

But those products aren't the important part. Glass was announced in 2012. If that hadn't happened I kinda feel like *someone else in the last five years* would have done computerglasses. At this point it's not really that believable that someone else could make a new Glass in the **next** five years, technological advancements which make that a lame idea notwithstanding. Instead, they've sorta hit the pause button.Aliens control this reality. They are based in the Astral Dimension, but have the ability to go in and out of this dimension if they choose.+++ = three crosses of Calvary. It's essentially a condensed prayer.

It's Christian symbology woven into a secular context - cannot be easily explained or recognized, so is resilient from other perspectives.

Proof: The entire QAnon larp-operation has been immersed in overt Christian context and phraseology from day 1. 

Context: 4chan and pol especially is well known as a place where religion is debated freely but profanely (loaded with the foulest language, porn-related themes, death and war porn, Hitler worship, very dark material, etc). There is a strong "paleo-Christian" element. But probably over 50% users are very overtly negative to Christianity. Paganism is a very big thing, in general, plus a lot of what you would expect: secular atheism.

Christian Spirituality: It appears that the authors of the information take a spiritual dimension to this conflict seriously - which might explain the incessant request for prayer support. Perhaps given the very dark nature of the underlying supposition that there is a satanic elite involved in the worst possible crimes that a still barely majority Christian electorate could imagine. It seems they anticipate the need for some "white magic" (prayer) to counterbalance whatever "black magic" has enabled such an elite conspiracy to dominate the planet thus far.

Conclusion: By overtly using Christian motifs in this larp-operation, the authors are telegraphing something to the world beyond 4Chan, which effectively tells the rest of their audience what side they believe they are fighting for.well i reckon time travel (or at least time viewing) tech exists, and there are a few groups who have it.  not kidding at all.  and yes tesla was the most-well known latest guy that we know of anyway who re-discovered it.  but it was known before him and he wasn't the only guy alive in his time who knew about it or had working tech.  there are reasons for me thinking this that are both personal and objective.  i think if you look around you'll see evidence supporting this claim.

as to the tech i think it has something to do with rotating em fields, possibly the intersection of these fields.  and i also think the idea of conservation of momentum in a 5d (or perhaps more) cube is also related to the idea.  the latter concept being equivalent to how a gyroscope works - that is, that conservation of momentum keeps a gyro steady because the moments created by off-true tilts doesn't significantly change the angular momentum components.  take this same idea to a mutable timespace cube and if you restrain degrees of freedom in 3d space it will manifest in the time dimension.  hope that makes sense.  the rotating em fields that tesla and others have experimented with could be ways of restraining these degrees of freedom.what if:

Outside of your perception (beyond 3rd/4th dimension), you ARE a black hole (soul) that brings all conscious experience towards your "body" (the human) through the pineal gland. But as humans, we can only perceive space-time so we can't see the real magick show 

:0Interesting view, I could see that.  I thought the new currencies were to get more people invested into bitcoin.  Lots of them you have to buy bitcoin before you can get in on another.  Your idea makes sense.....The coin I'd like to get my hands on is Ripple and this AGI.  But Ripple can't get without other currency like bitcoin yet.   Thing with ripple is the banks are buying it to do exchanges, so maybe that is the agency infiltration.  Just typing out loud now.  

For sure the US is synonomys with out of control black projects.  Look at SE Asia and Air America.  Not the movie the book.  They had no idea how many airlines they owned and completely lost control of opertaions that were occuring.  

Kind of like men who stare at goats, the book again not the movie.  Wild shit going on in there and if you read the book that program never stopped and I've noticed online the last few months they have a youtube channel now.  First Earth Battalion.  They wanted to combat war with psyops and dancing and frequency and mkultra stuff.  The whole power of focus and law of attraction principal had the government obsessed.  So with that line of thinking, if bitcoin is legit and people are believing, the law of attraction at work is not in the evil peoples favor.

But then you hear the crazy ass podcast on youtube that bitcoin is AI from another dimension and ushering in the beast.  It is coming to take over the world.  Good thing I like buddhism and believe what you think is what is.  

It could be Alien, what better way to understand understand humans by the internet and instead of learning all the languages, just use math.  Then usher in bitcoin hive mind to be able to interact and communicate with people.  Thats some conspiracy shit right there.  I've always thought the internet was an alien technology planted here to help us advance and also for them to understand us.  I don't think aliens would be human looking, I think they would not travel through space , but a medium like technology of the internet and have a robot.  I think that's what we will do when we explore space is use robots and have AI control them.  Like avatars....Anyways way off topic....Here's how I understand it:  
Time doesn't separate things and events. All events and all things are inherently connected over time. It's just that from a solely 3 dimensional, physical perspective it appears that every thing and every event is isolated from one another. Consciousness/the conscious field (aka: the inherent, multidimensional connection between all things, which therefore gives rise to perspective relativity) exists on all dimensions, connecting all things and events to each other. Connecting every thing and event in this universe from "beginning" to "end", and every other thing and event from every other possible universe from beginning to end etc etc etc, and as it funnels down through dimensions and universes to our universe (aka: our relative conscious interference pattern), it forms nodes at all "things". And where it funnels down into life - and specifically human life - since the brain is wired in such the way that it is, it gives rise to self awareness at each of those respective nodes. Human consciousness is just a node in the universal conscious interference pattern. A collapsing of the absolute wave function. Wherein "the absolute" wave function is the ground state of *everything*: Brahman/the absolute/God.  
We can immediately see each surrounding node (each other person, animal, plant, object etc: every physical "thing") due to them all existing, respectively, at the same physical dimension that we do, but it takes a change in perspective to view the nodes in non-physical events (Like how nodes on a vibrating string can "see" those immediately next to it, but it would require a change in perspective - like seeing the string from above - to see the whole string and how all its individual nodes are just parts of the whole). It also takes a change in perspective to view the connection between respective "isolated" nodes in our universe, and we can do this from a 3d perspective by viewing things *over the course of time*, or alternatively by utilising transcendental states: states in which we can project our relative human consciousness back up the funnel and view things from higher dimensions. We can directly access these states through meditation, dreaming, psychedelics, or astral projection. But aspects of these higher dimensional perspectives naturally "leak" into our lives on occasion anyway, either through dreams, synchronicities, or intuition etc. To an individual uneducated/inexperienced in the topic these things can be explained away by "coincidence", but that's just an interpretation/misrepresentation based on ignorance to the bigger picture. Those educated and experienced (yogis, gurus, quantum physicists, astral projectors, psychonauts) may recognise these as a artifacts of higher dimensional connection, and if they act accordingly they may utilise these artifacts to the advantage of either themselves or others.This was some kind of stunt by the Justice Minister to effect the markets and the SK government says it is not official policy. 

(In Korean and must be translated) http://www.ytn.co.kr/_ln/0101_201801111615246051

Translated text

&gt; Cheong Wa Dae said the Justice Minister Park Sang-ki's remarks that the virtual currency exchange will be closed is not coordinated by the government.

&gt; A senior official of the presidential office said in a telephone conversation with YTN that Park's remarks are the position of the Ministry of Justice and that other ministries have various positions. 

&gt; Meanwhile, the Ministry of Justice approached from the dimension of elimination of speculation, but the Financial Services Commission said that the Ministry of Science, Technology and Communication is interested in fostering core technologies of virtual money. 

&gt; He added that virtual currency-related policies will determine the best time for policies to take effect while looking at market conditions. 
Also similar to the Gnostic concept of the seed of light within each human that is trapped in the evil material world-dimension. Or maybe we can't see any spacefaring civilizations because the requirement to traverse the galaxies is to first move to a higher dimension. All life on earth is dependent on the planet to survive. Going out to space leads to death as a biochemical entity, pure and simple. Maybe we have to become pure consciousness and then fly across the great span of space-time. Maybe we can't detect all the gods already there because we're still really primitive.It's a little closed minded of you to dismiss something just because it is outside your current understanding - in the 1500's it was crazy to suggest that billions of tiny creatures you can't see are everywhere and cause disease, it wasn't until the 1890's that germ theory was proven and now it's common knowledge.

In the scientific community, confirmation of the 4th dimension and parallel universes is starting to occur.

Some of what he's saying is based on the work of researchers that've spent decades on the subject (they're not on drugs either).. not to mention thousand year old Hindu philosophy about Maya, dharma in Buddhism or our understanding of quantum physics and the double slit experiment in 1927. 
 /r/conspiracy had a roundtable discussion on Archon's sometime ago.. whether they're real or symbolic is another matter. If you meant that sarcastically. Throw an /s.... but I'm talking about new technology,  crowd sourced DNA analyses allow for a whole new dimension of targeted viruses. 

Back in the day they were free for all viruses that could target anyone, no?I think of it like this:  the universe works in such a way that time is relative, and our past present and future is set. In 4 dimension we only experience time like someone on a sidewalk watching a parade go by, while God is watching the parade from a blimp 5000ft up. He can see the beginning, middle, and end of the parade all at once because he exists beyond 4 dimensions. 
Lucifer tries to make us think that we can choose whatever path we want and that God is trying to force us into the path he wants. Meanwhile everything we have done or will ever do has been set by Gods will, and all we can do is live the best we can, trusting that it’s all going to be alright in the end. There are ~7 billion people on this planet and each of us has an entire political agenda of our devising. You'll need more than one dimension to model the situation with any degree of fidelity.But is was only so absurd as it was the recollection of a dimension traveling Schizo that had his memories messed with anyway.I appreciate the long thought out response, because honestly this is a topic I've thought a lot about since I've seen the News Hour on PBS mention several times  or heavily imply that this was a racist statement. I understood how they got there, but I disagreed the first time I heard it and I disagree now that it's racist. I think the entire position is based in feelings and not reality.  

&gt;People from "shithole" countries have plenty of value to bring to the table. Just as much as any person, that's what makes America great. 

"The HDI was created to emphasize that people and their capabilities should be the ultimate criteria for assessing the development of a country, not economic growth alone. The HDI can also be used to question national policy choices, asking how two countries with the same level of GNI per capita can end up with different human development outcomes. These contrasts can stimulate debate about government policy priorities.
The Human Development Index (HDI) is a summary measure of average achievement in key dimensions of human development: a long and healthy life, being knowledgeable and have a decent standard of living. The HDI is the geometric mean of normalized indices for each of the three dimensions.

The health dimension is assessed by life expectancy at birth, the education dimension is measured by mean of years of schooling for adults aged 25 years and more and expected years of schooling for children of school entering age. The standard of living dimension is measured by gross national income per capita. The HDI uses the logarithm of income, to reflect the diminishing importance of income with increasing GNI. The scores for the three HDI dimension indices are then aggregated into a composite index using geometric mean. Refer to Technical notes for more details.

The HDI simplifies and captures only part of what human development entails. It does not reflect on inequalities, poverty, human security, empowerment, etc. The HDRO offers the other composite indices as broader proxy on some of the key issues of human development, inequality, gender disparity and poverty.

A fuller picture of a country's level of human development requires analysis of other indicators and information presented in the statistical annex of the report." 

In this index Haiti (one of the countries specifically called out as a shithole) ranks 163rd. Norway (also specifically mentioned as a counter point to the "shithole" countries ranks 1st.

&gt;Immigration from any country brings other culture and people who are more patriotic than most lifetime citizens.

Citation needed.  Oh I agree and yes it is said that we don't really die ever our souls just live In a different dimension so yes I believe there are ways to see the dead in that aspect. Consciousness exists in a separate dimension that experiences the world. I guess you missed my point.

One is *allowed* to say whatever their little hearts desire. The point being it is worthless without some proof. And for many things people pooh pooh they simple spew some shit and figure it's done. 

For example; if you doubted the Krebs cycle you would need to bring a fair amount if science to back your claim. It is a well known process.  

Discovered in the 1930s and well difined, by Krebs in the 50s. (Got him the Nobel prize!)

Some flaky YouTube heros like Dubay make weak claims backed by spurious science and get fools to follow them down a path of ignorance. Without a shred of actual proof. 

There is a guy in here with a similar pattern claiming the worlds population is not what we are led to believe. Now this claim needs some reasoning or evidence to support such a fantasy. But all I get is "have *you* counted them"

Obvious troll is obvious

As for your extra dimensionality... that could keep going. For ever. Every new dimension will have another unseen one. Kind of moot at this point in our existence as it is just a hypothesis.


Anyway back to my original point. The motion of the world is well known. 

Bring something to the table that actually says otherwise... or its a waste of your time. 
2d means it has 2 dimensions.  We live in an observable 3 dimensional universe.  String theory and some other theoretical physics proposes more dimensions as possible but we can't experiment with anything like that, because the energy needed to observe these "strings" is far beyond our capabilities.

2 dimensional object are generally thought experiments.  A square, a circle, a triangle all represented in two dimensional space.  obviously a physical square why have some depth too it and be 3 dimensional in our universe.  A shadow, projected onto a surface 8s a good example of something 2 dimensional in our universe.  The fact that it is just the absence of light is meaningless.  you can measure the height and width but it has no additional dimension ( unless you include variations of the surface it's being projected onto) and that makes it two dimensional.

You are getting wrapped around this idea that you want to see a physical object that's 2 dimensional but any molecule/atom will have three dimensions.Every Chris Nolan/Nolan Brothers movie/show has had some form of hidden truth in it. 

Westworld of humanities creation with Ford being Yahweh, the park being the Earth and the "dream world" being other dimensions with "other parks" where the puppet masters live and more especially with the symbolism (there's a scene where ford is with a younger version of himself and a rattlesnake appears).

The Batman Series has a ton of hidden truths from the "league of shadows", the Taoist idea of balance between two polarities very similar to the force with Joker as the dark, Harvey Dent as the light and Batman somewhere in the middle and the necessity of both poles, to the idea of "rising into the light out of a prison".

The Prestige, where the entire movie is a actually a trick to redirect your attention "from the real magic" behind the scenes (Nicola Tesla reference was not a coincidence) much like much of popular culture is exactly that. It raises the question is it worth it to know the trick or is it better just to appreciate the mysticism as "magic"?

Interstellar with the amazing scene where Matthew McConaughey guides himself throughout his life from a different dimension outside of time. Do we have a "higher self" doing something similar? 


Oh and don't forget my favorite of all Inception. Being able to create worlds in dreams. The very idea that this post is sharing. Are we all parts of the subconscious one larger concioussness "dreaming"? How many layers are there?



Ron Paul talking to people like they are not fools reminding everyone why the American corporate media pretended his entire presidential run was happening in another dimension.&gt; Also, pretty telling how you don't even try to address how "the swamp" is a moving target now

Swamp = Globalism, Rothschilds/Soros, Central Banking/Fiat System via IMF/CFR/Tri-Lateral Commission, MIC/FBI/CIA, Cultural Marxism/Kalgeri Plan/Forced Diversity, the new German Speech Censorship rules, and it continues from there.

If Trumpo was el swampo, he would of never rejected TPP + Paris Agreement.

Also the tax cut to corporations has a bunch of corporations making plans to bring their businesses back here and China, Germany, Other nations are freaking the fuck out right now:

https://global.handelsblatt.com/politics/germans-fear-huge-loss-of-jobs-from-us-tax-reform-865577?bfa9

&gt;“The tax competition will have a new dimension,” said Christoph Spengel, chairman of the corporate tax department at the University of Mannheim. Mr. Spengel, who is also a research associate at the Center for European Economic Research, and a group of tax experts at the university have done a detailed comparison of the two countries’ tax systems and published a report under the heading, “Germany loses out in US tax reform.”

&gt;Clemens Fuest, who heads the Ifo economic think tank, also said he believed German business would suffer. “Investments and jobs will migrate to the US,” he said.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/beijing-develops-plan-to-counter-trump-tax-overhaul-1513012363

&gt;BEIJING—As the U.S. prepares to take China to task over trade imbalances, economic mandarins in Beijing are focusing on a potentially more immediate threat from Washington—Donald Trump’s tax overhaul.

&gt;In the Beijing leadership compound of Zhongnanhai, officials are putting in place a contingency plan to combat consequences for China of U.S. tax changes as well as expected interest-rate increases by the Federal Reserve, according to people with knowledge of the matter. What they fear is a double whammy sapping money out of...

If Trump was swamp, he would toe the line with Globalists and continue to allow the U.S. economy to get fucked over as it was under Obama and prior Presidents.

But yeah, drumpf is legit swamp! /sI would say yes and perhaps we haven’t evolved to fully understand the nature of it yet. When we arrive at the next dimension, say the afterlife, perhaps traveling from planet to planet will be as simple as from town to town. &gt; but when does "mass panic" ever happen outside of the movies? People run out of adrenaline, they can't go around running and screaming for hours on end.

I think this is true to an extent, we forget that people have a functional limit to how much actual pandemonium they can keep up.

But then again, look what has happened in rioting.  You have a good 24-72 hour surge in literal chaos -- looting, assault, killing, arson.  For the really big riots (like the Rodney King LA riots), it kind of takes on its own dimension -- the cops barely try to contain it, and people intensify their chaos knowing the cops can't or won't stop it.

I could definitely see something like a major event being predicted and demand for resources outstripping available supply and this devolving into riots and looting, and depending on the destructive potential of the predicted event, the government failing to gain any kind of civil order.  Either because they can't maintain discipline (troops/cop desert their jobs) or they're just reserving their own troops/supplies for post-event containment.

&gt; You don't know that there's NOT another EMP blast coming, because no one would tell you if there was. Are you mass panicking yet?

Heh, you've just described the day-day mindset of hard core preppers.  They're sort of mass panicking in a very controlled and thoughtful manner.The critical thinking skills of fundamentalist materialism are hopelessly inadequate to the task of investigating the possibility of interactions with beings from higher dimensions. The novel Flatland sharply illustrates the problem. Read it, and also perhaps Rudy Rucker's The Fourth Dimension, before you read or listen to Icke.Theory: Once you ascend to a higher dimension, going back to a lower dimension, you wouldn't need muscles, eyesight, etc, the only thing that would still have an effect on you is EM stuff, radiation, etc.

Greys always seem soo uniform. 

Is it possible that when higher dimensional beings lower their vibrations or whatever to our dimension, they could have forms that are not essentially humanoid. An alien who would show you its true form is honestly one to trust over one who is willing to put a facade up, unless they tell you this specifically like in South Park, remember, the pooping ice cream guy?


Or as another user says, they could be doing the exact opposite, taking steps to camouflage to scare us off from something. 


Anyway. &gt;The lead author Oded Zilberberg has given the theoretical concept for this experiment which shows the existence of the new fourth dimension where one can move backwards or forward in time.  
  
I think we're splitting hairs here/semanticsAs long as I'm playing armchair psychoanalyst, I think there's another dimension. Porn over the past 10-15 years has been increasingly violent and degrading towards women, very different from porn in the 90's and earlier. 

I think a lot of young people resent their parents and siblings for getting in the way of sex (such as when Mom wont let you have girls over overnight or something), and so that translates into anger and violent tendencies. Porn has already convinced them that hostility and sexuality are near-interchangeable, so it may come naturally to them to transmute this angry resentment into a repressed sexual desire.

IMO this is big speculation, but on the whole I feel it's not a conspiracy, moreso a handful of economic and cultural trends converging in an especially dark place.  I think the ramp-up of the "extremeness" of porn since the 90's is largely a result of a *general* desensitization and overstimulation because of our hyper-connected, media-saturated lifestyle. It got harder to make people excited or impressed by stuff and so porn go increasingly extreme just for the sake of novelty. 

You make a ton of good points, and a ton of illogical jumps (like drawing an instant conclusion that a soul must exist)

Things I would take into consideration in regards to death being a "conspiracy":

-Terror Management Theory (or the book: "The Denial of Death" by Earnest Becker)
-Time as the 4th dimension (and multiple dimensions past that with string theory and quantum physics)
-The Holographic Universe/Simulation TheoryI had several breakthrough experiences, but this is the most profound one. Before the trip I set the intention for an healing experience (I suffered from aches from walking with crutches for a year and a half, mainly back, shoulder and hip) I ate 5 grams of mushrooms (better safe than sorry) and on the peak I started smoking DMT. 

Before I new it, I was immersed in a landscape of swirling fractals,  trough the swirling, mostly green fractals I saw some entities popping up and disappearing. As they stayed longer in the fractal whirlwind I could see they where jesters, observing me and playfully popping in and out of my fractal world. 
Then a portal opened and I got sucked into a void and out of my body. At first it was completely dark around me, then more and more pulsating energy starting to emerge around me, small lights where floating around that looked like fireflies in slow motion nearby and stars further away, the lights where white, cyan and indigo and all around me. 

Suddenly out of the lights I saw entities manifesting, as they became brighter and brighter I could see five machine elves floating (staying at the same location) around me, each with a different look and a different character. At this point I still had no body and I had a 360 degree view around me. Suddenly they started sending waves of love / energy to me from all five directions, where the five streams collided my body was reconstructed but this time a much lighter body, I was made of light and able to move around. As I was moving around I noticed the lights had disapeared and I was now in what seemed like a dense tropical forest, but there was no up and down, no ground or sky, it was more immersive and very beautiful, a bit Avatar like. Suddenly the oldest and wisest looking machine elf approached me and stopped at arm length distance, he stared at me for what felt like a couple of minutes https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-3b6ea7c94d1f907a4ac091e87965b502-c (this is somewhat of a resemblance of what he looked like) It felt like being read. I knew, he knew everything about me, there was no communication with him. 

As he backed off to his place in the circle, the smallest and most playful machine elf approached me and hugged me, I was shocked that I could feel a real physical hug from this creature (I still was aware that I had smoked DMT). As he hugged me, I asked, why do I still suffer so much pain? I thought I could go on with life right now... He said: "because you're going to learn something because of it." Then everything started fading away, I wanted to hug the little guy a bit longer, but it was time for me to go back to my own dimension. 

Now almost a year later I healed my body with Qi gong, and practice it everyday, it also learned me how to cope with being an empath and use it as a gift, instead as the curse that it used to be (ok, and can still be from time to time). &gt;"Cultural Marxism" is not a real sociological phenomena.

No, I disagree.  It's a real concept.  However, while I have antipathy toward Marxism because I'm a libertarian minarchist which supports a free market, I will at least grant you that it's not *true Marxism*.  Even so, it is most certainly a thing that does exist and must be discussed in these terms because it is a function of how the system operates.

The reason the term is offensive to you is because you rightly understand this concept as something of a *bastardization* of true Marxist ideas.  Real Marxism is, for you, the economic philosophy based on the idea that the workers are exploited by a bourgoise capitalist class and it proposes that the means of production need to be owned by society to fix this.  (Hell, Libertarians are mostly with you on this one.... except we call it "crony capitalism" and don't throw the "free market" baby out with the "corrupt crony bastard" bathwater.... but I digress)

"Cultural Marxism," however, is a perverse bastardization of the general concept inherent in Marxism.  The idea of "class struggle" was translated into an entirely different social dimension by the intelligentsia that created it.  This can be directly traced to the consequences of "ideological subversion" by the Soviet Union against the NATO bloc during the latter half of the 20th Century.  Instead of focusing on economic oppression, it is instead based on cultural and identity properties which are divided into a "historic oppressor" class that bears eternal Kafkaesque guilt and a "historic victim" class that must now receive reparations.  This is in fact an operative form of Marxism even if it's perverted from its original designs.

The result of this ideological subversion has been the insane identity politics and radical progressivism which has arisen in recent decades.  It is the application of a clever subversion which was meant to undermine the integrity of the social institutions of the West to make them ripe for conquest by the Soviet Bloc because it effectively poisons any minds that embrace it.  The idea of the Soviet intelligentsia was that that true Marxism would win out because it had "strong workers" and did not tolerate this insanity.

In a nutshell, "cultural Marxism" is basically a "strawman" version of Leninist-Stalinist Communism with the intent of making idiots in the West buy into it so that the West could eventually be overthrown.  The project outlived the Soviet Union, however, and it was probably picked up by some of the crony capitalists like the Clintons and the Bushes for their own power agenda...Though the 4th dimension is time, I don't think acceleration/force/energy (same thing btw) need to be a seperate dimension. They are just effects instigated by dimension one through four and the matter housing in it.

At that point you are playing with the fundemental forces of URL_REPLACED, which afaik aren't rooted in a spacial dimension. Rather in the composition of matter.Im just talking in how ive come up with my process. 

So each "dimension" requires the above one for the below one to exist of be observed. 

Infinity isnt a real measurement, force or even tangible in that senseWell i just use the term dimension as its fitting. Maybe not the best term to use but its apt. Substitute Layer/level where you see fit. 

The terms arent as important as the structure I'm trying to describe Absolutely. From the research I've done into sacred geometry and dimensions I think it has more to do with the for lack of a better term, accessibility of this dimension on those harmonics. Maybe the veil between dimensions is thinner every X number of years. Just spitballing. Damn I missed this type of r/conspiracy post!!Photographer here as well. In every single Orb photo, they look the EXACT same as a piece of dust would look.  The most logical explanation is either spirits from another dimension taking some sort of small form that EERILY resemble dust hot in the same fashion.. or they're just dust particles.

Common sense and logic applied.. ALL Orbs are just dust particles. 

URL_REPLACED
Clearly from the future. Musk has figured out immortality by uploading his conscious to an ai interface and also time travel by using the 5th dimension. I read that thread. All the top comments came under a guy posting details about the accused denying the accusations. It seemed that everyone just goes “he said it’s not true, so....”. I honestly felt like I’d suddenly shifted to a different dimension. The response was 180 from what we were seeing just a few weeks ago with he metoo thing and everyone saying how these Hollywood pedos are going down is such a good thing. It’s almost as if the awards ceremony recently suddenly brainwashed the public! I don’t understand what the hell happened!Santa is krampus. He owns a satanic pedophile pizzeria somewhere beyond the Antarctic wall. His eatery is frequented by grays, avians, reptilians, Elvis, Sasquatch, Alefantis, Russians and Clinton emails, et at. The menu consists of pagan vampiric rituals, dossiers and exposed ancient alien pyramid blueprints. It’s powered by zero-point fission energy and the ovens can cook two bodies every 15 minutes. Happy Hanustivus from the seventh dimension to all!!!! &gt; I recently saw as of today that there are people like Darren Nesbit proposing that there is possibly a fourth dimension spacetime loop of the sky, which from what I gather basically means it is its own simulation, so to speak, so we don't have to be "NPC's," in someone else's video game.

This is an idea I had in this thread! Like our view of the sky is a projection. Great points thanks!There's more out there than we know. I don't know that it's aliens. It could be future humans. It could be alternate dimension beings. 

But there's something more advanced than us and more intelligent than usI collect arcane esoteric books. I have read books that talk about how they literally bring in Astral Demons into our dimension. Many of the "Secret Societies" actually know how to meet up in the Astral. Inititiates who are still alive but based in locations around the world get together and meet up in the Astral Dimension for magickal training.You should check out the graphic novel RASL by Jeff Smith about an dimension jumping art thief.Tbqh I think stuff like this is pure escapism. People can't cope with their actual powerlessness in this world so they cope by imagine the oppressors are in some other dimension and they (the people) are uniquely in-the-know about it.Had plenty, and some interesting dmt like dimension hopping experiences without using dmt Oh boy, have I got some theories here! As far as conspiracies go, and as far as my research so far has taken me, I truly think that consciousness - or suppression thereof - is "the big one". The end of the rabbit hole for some... (until you realise the rabbit hole is fractal in nature and never ending). But yeah, I've got a bit of an essay on this I wanted to share. I'll try and include as much source and reference material as I can, but if anyone else has more to add then I only encourage it.  

**Holographic Universe:**  
Mainly referencing the fractal-holographic theory of Nassim Haramein, the fractal-holographic theory essentially suggests that the universe is, at a fundamental level, made up of 'bits' of information, and that the information of the entire system is fractally encoded at every point through harmonic layering/nesting. Much like how DNA, a chemical compound within every single cell of a body, contains the information to recreate the entire human. A great metaphor to describe this is the Sutra of "Indra's Net":  
*"Far away in the heavenly abode of the great god Indra, there is a wonderful net which has been hung by some cunning artificer in such a manner that it stretches out infinitely in all directions. In accordance with the extravagant tastes of deities, the artificer has hung a single glittering jewel in each "eye" of the net, and since the net itself is infinite in dimension, the jewels are infinite in number. There hang the jewels, glittering "like" stars in the first magnitude, a wonderful sight to behold. If we now arbitrarily select one of these jewels for inspection and look closely at it, we will discover that in its polished surface there are reflected all the other jewels in the net, infinite in number. Not only that, but each of the jewels reflected in this one jewel is also reflecting all the other jewels, so that there is an infinite reflecting process occurring."*  
In this metaphor the jewels represent protons. Nassim Haramein tackled what's known as the 'vacuum catastrophe' (a mathematical problem that arises when you add up the number of vacuum fluctuations in a unit of space, as the mass that is calculated comes out absurdly larger than that which is actually measured in that same unit of space - for example: when adding up the vacuum fluctuations in a cubic centimetre of space you yield 10^93 grams, whereas if you were to take all the measurable mass of the observable universe and squish it into that same space you'd get 10^55 grams) by figuring out how we can derive the mass of matter from the fundamental planck unit. When you divide the volume of a proton by the volume of a planck sphere unit (a spherical unit of energy of planck length diameter, proposed by Nassim to be one of these fundamental 'bits' of information that make up the universe) and then multiply by the planck mass, you come out with the mass of the observable universe: 10^55 grams.  
This shows that the exact amount of vacuum fluctuations that fit into a proton - when the planck spheres are stacked in a 3 dimensional URL_REPLACED - equals the measurable mass of the observable universe.  
But obviously that's not what we see when we measure the mass of a proton. Due to the size:mass ratio of the proton it fulfills the Schwartzschild condition for a black hole. Once we consider the proton to act as a black hole we can borrow a mathematical concept from string theory - the holographic principle - which states that the surface information of a black hole can encode the volume information. When you apply this, and divide the surface planck spheres by the volume planck spheres and then multiply by the planck mass, you arrive at the measured proton's rest mass of ~10^-24 grams.  
Each proton in the universe holographically contains the information of every other proton in the universe. And every surface planck sphere of every acts as a wormhole terminations which connect all protons via a superfluid/superconducting aether, allowing instantaneous information transfer between all protons via an instantaneous information feedback-loop network.  
*It's this universal instantaneous feedback-loop network that gives rise to consciousness at a universal scale.* And from there, due to the fractal self-configuring/self-evolving nature of the system, consciousness evolves to form higher and higher orders of self-complexity within the system.  
For more information visit the /r/holofractal subreddit, from which I've taken taken this info and condensed it for this post (big shoutout and serious thanks to the admin of that sub /u/d8_thc for being such a good communicator of this information), and have a read of the stickied posts and links in the sidebar.  
Also here's Nassim Haramein's "The Connected Universe" URL_REPLACED on the subject.  
Here's his "The Connected Universe" URL_REPLACED.  
And here's one of his papers on the subject: URL_REPLACED  
I don’t think there is *any* extraterrestrial dimension to crop circles and that it is misleading whether on purpose or by accident.  That isn’t to say they are boring.

What is worth noting is that it is an old phenomenon that got big in the 1980’s.  The difference in the complex ones of “real” or “fake” is how much planning went into man made ones.  Due to the nature of crops, the really intricate one may have been created over weeks of surveying and marking but only “pressed down” in one night.  Marker flags and such wouldn’t be seen while it was being planned.

However, the original and real ones (even if man made) could tie into to ancient cultural memories and some other dimensional something.  Look at all the henges around the world and stone circles.  Cultural memory and legends run looooong.  The area in Britain here they were primarily found was tied to very ancient cultures making circles in he ground.  Maybe the early “hoaxes” were carrying on a folk religion that was a shadow of the ancient one.  Maybe it is tied to forces we don’t understand that the ancient Neolithic cultures were trying to represent or understand with their own circles?  

I think this is far more interesting than “ayyyliens” did it.I don't think it's ridiculous, and its legal status as public domain doesn't imply anything about the moral or ethical dimension of it.Ah I figured you were driving at that, but it's a taboo subject in some circles to examine that dimension of it.1) You did not rebut my point at all. Like you said there are multiple measurements visible from the exterior. perimeter, height, base width and  slant height. My point is that there are so many combinations measurements available so why this particular combination is selected? The division by two after taking their ratio is completely arbitrary and is just to force pi.

2) The ratio between radius of earth and height of great pyramid is much closer to 434000 than 432000, circumference of earth and base perimeter of great pyramid is around 435000 not 432000.


&gt;3,023.16 feet x 432,000 = 1,306,005,120 feet = 24,734.94 miles


Also Your math is off by a whole order of magnitude, so you clearly have not checked it. 


3) Let me explain. Let, height of great pyramid be (h) , base perimeter of great pyramid be p, radius of earth be r, circumference of earth be c.


From your first statement p/h  ≈ 2*pi, by definition the ratio between the circumference of any circle and its radius  2*pi. So we can take any circular spherical or cylindrical object and we can say that the ratio of its circumference is the same as p/h. We can do this with any object, all we have to do is pick a magic number as a scaling factor and look for any object which has a similar size as the scaled down or up dimension. 


For example a my dick is approximately cylindrical and has a radius of 1.3 inches the circumference of its cross section is ≈ 8.168 inches.


We all know 432 is special so 4320 is also special.


**Height of great pyramid = 481.3949 feet


481.3949 feet ÷ 4320 = 0.111434005 ft = 1.33720806 inches.


1.33720806 inches = Radius of my dick (with an error of 2%)


Base perimeter of great pyramid = 3,023.16 feet


3,023.16 feet ÷ 4320 = 0.699805556 ft = 8.397666672 inches.


8.397666672 inches = the circumference of my dick (with an error of 2%)**

Spooooooky

Either ancient Egyptians scaled the pyramids with respect to my dick (in a ratio of 1:4320) or this type of argument is bullshit. You pick.

4) Where is it stated in the pyramid that the speed of light is 432 squared in miles per second? Miles and seconds were units invented 1000s years after the Ancient Egyptians.

&gt; you realize we didn't even get close to an accurate estimate of the speed of light until thousands of years later right?

If it is not explicitly written down or used in some sort of measurement that the speed of light is so and so then we cannot assume that they knew it.All this arithmetic voodoo is just working backwards from what we already know. 


&gt; the speed of light is actually coded into the pyramid in other ways, including one that matches it in the metric system, down to several decimal places

Again metric system is 1000s of years younger than the pyramids. So you are saying that not only did the Egyptians know the speed of light but they also knew what units we would use in the future.
Which is more plausible Ancient Egyptians had advanced scientific knowledge and ability to *predict the future* or all these "codes" that you seem to find in the pyramids are a product of your own confirmation bias?? 

5) The fact that the sun is 400 times bigger than the moon and is 400 times as far is amazing but it is still a coincidence.
 
&gt; two largest objects in the sky, using only 2 numbers, 2 operations, and scaling by 10s is amazing


But it is not just two operations, you arbitrarily round up the moon's size and round down the sun's size. Anything can seem related if you apply arbitrary set of rules.

Personal attacks are unnecessary and exposes your own childishness.I'm just sick of people collapsing the complicated multidimensional space of public politics into a single dimension. No wonder everything's confused and people talk past one another. The Vedic texts give a very cryptic description of flat earth that describes earth as a plane of existence, or a dimension, that spans the entire universe until the "mountain of existence/nonexistence" the different regions of earth are separated by concentric circles of ice and water. Antarctica is just a barrier that separates this smaller earth from the other parts of earth. That's why it's so heavily guarded. It's mostly to keep other beings out, not keep us in. The space above us is just more subtle beings of mind and intellect. The space below is is for beings that are heavily sensual.

This is very simplified. But gives an idea. It's all in the ancient puranas of India but it's pretty hard to decipher.

&gt;This is a company that is known for heavy occult stuff in their content.

Is this the portion you are referring to?

I literally listed 4 movies that they did used sexual-innuendo or subliminal content.

But, I suppose if you want more, theres always the scene in URL_REPLACED. The name of the scene itself "Pink elephants on parade" sounds kind of suspect as well, especially with all of the trunk touching, including the "dance number" where the two trunks are shooting lightning between each other.. another occult symbol. Also, the scene almost entirely takes place while Dumbo, a *baby* elephant, is drunk.. and in a place that heavily resembles the dimension Eleven from Stranger Things goes to interact with the demogorgon. It's like a black void. I was watching a haunted house investigation show many years ago where the ghostbusting team recorded clacking sounds.  They compared the soundwave to billiard balls because that's what sounded like. It didn't match current billiard balls but the soundwave of older ones that were made of ivory. The two soundwaves matched up almost perfectly.

I also like the idea that maybe things like these aren't from the past but from a nearby dimension. Maybe one where they still use ivory billiard balls.&gt; If what channelings say is to be believed, we need these satanic controllers so that we can learn from them.

Yin yang - no light without dark kind of thing…

&gt; The idea is that with the Ascension/timeline collapse or shift, the souls that are ready to ascend to 5th dimensional Tara in the next lifetime, are shedding all the 3rd dimensional crap and trauma from thousands of years on this planet in preparation.

&gt; Meanwhile, the souls that have been on Tara are ascending to 7th dimensional Gaia, and so on. They are expecting a big population boom on Tara (what we know as heaven) due to this timeline shift.

It appears then that according to what you’ve stated here, and as I have felt for a long, long time, while there may indeed be different planets etc that we can go and evolve to, it’s also the case that *this very planet here* has many, many different realities and dimensions - all vibrating simultaneously but not overlapping since they are on different frequencies so they don’t generally interfere with or overlap each other (although, of course, some individuals are in fact sufficiently sensitive antennas to be able to be in this dimension and also be able to sense/see/feel/be sensitive to other dimensions/frequencies). In other words, one can leave the trials and tribulations of this level of planet Earth, evolving significantly *away* from what’s going on in this third dimension such that you are no longer existing in that dimension, but *still* be very much on Earth itself - just a different dimension of it that vibrates at a different frequency and does not overlap with *this* one so the beings on either dimension(s) aren’t generally aware of one another.

Many different radio stations, all existing in the here and now, all with a different, unique, individual signature, none of them (generally) overlapping one another, yet all existing within one radio.

Gonna look at the “I, Pet Goat II” video again.  Was a cool one.  Gonna peruse it w/the added information you gave here.

……

Whew.  Man.  Just saw it again.  Brutal, heavy, deep.  Serious stuff.  Tons of meaning and symbolism.  Glad I looked at it again.  Great observation w/regard to the ice cavern and the christ consciousness’ focus away from all of it.

Namaste,I said that the space time fabric is a dimension of measurement for time and that the planets orbiting the sun create double helixes through space time. URL_REPLACED

Airy fairy?  Hydrogen bonds can be broken by magnets. This unlocks a fundamental flaw with the law of thermodynamics taught in college.  Mark my words in the next twenty years we will have magnetic technologies(or free energy devices / zero point energy devices) but not until a blood bath of the oligarchy fighting for power. 

I don't know what's airy fairy about any of the comments I have made The sauce is in the CIA research experiments and the universal police. Despite it's infinite size, assuming there are extremely advanced civilizations, policing the universe, ensuring stable development would be an excellent option, hobby for those with power. Especially, after they had just won a literal time war in the heavens in which many species were involved in. They can't take any more assassination bullshit, and murdering bullshit, so they created an extra dimension like the stories of hell just for all the sadists and murderers with ill intent, who think they are doing the best even with their knowledge. This video goes into more detail and correlates all the previous info. Also this correlation of area and volume to space and time is explained by Hugh Harleston Jr to Graham Hancock. The teotihuacan code found that the geometry encodes a tetrahedron within a sphere and also the planetary distances at a smaller ratio, this same knowledge can be found in the Nineveh constant, going full circle back to the Sumerian who we get our measurements of time from.

Hypercubing The Hypersphere DNA Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj7pilxUHWw

(UPDATE: Hypercubing The Hypersphere Extras (DNA Music Ancient Unified Field Preview)
https://youtu.be/10fa0I7rFpA)

Carl Munck discovered that the ancient prime meridian is Giza in Egypt, the location of the Great Pyramids being at the exact center of all land masses on the planet, the Giza complex being equidistant to the pole to the center of the earth and aligning on the 19.45 degree latitude; these being important sites for a specific kind of energy flow, many ancient sites being built along this energy grid in every continent. The measurements that Hughes Hollister Jr. found at Teotihuacan show that measurements unify time and space in geometry and form. This can be seen in the egyptian or royal cubit, the vestiges of an ancient system that took into account a musical harmony of repeating divine proportions related to pi, and specifically 22/7 which is the measure of thoth/hermes in egyptian pantheon of gods. The macrocosm/microcosm belief of the ancients shared through almost every culture and still today part of our present system, in British measurements and our time measurements that are Sumerian(Sumerian were allegedly the first to divide the circle into 360 degrees). Where Munck left off Bruce Cathie discovered correlations to the speed of light and area of land mass having direct harmonic proportions to an electromagnetic grid which owes its very geometry and size to sacred divisions inherent in light. The Sumerian time scale reflecting this platonic solid Pythagorean music of the spheres, as above so below, hermetic ordering of the cosmos and space-time; the actual geometry to Einstein's unified field as seen throughout nature and even the law of octaves in the periodic table. Energy/matter/time/space unified in repeating numbers from the average pace of man to the egyptian royal cubit measured from tip of the finger to the elbow. The precession of the equinoxes showing a repeating cycle dictated by the stars, themselves being an expression of the proportional constants inherent in the platonic solids which describe forms of consciousness as well as the elements and sacred divisions. This universal pattern manifesting on the galactic scale as precession can also be seen at the solar system level; the planets creating spirograph figures directly related to sacred proportions and music of the spheres; all of this being mathematically deduced toward to geometric figures, the circle  and sphere in squaring the circle. And still further, the ancients seemed to have knowledge of hyperforms, higher dimensional blue-prints that manifest into the laws/figures/forms of our  dimension; these are the tetractys,tesseract, and hypercube. The hypersphere or nested tori being seen in concepts of metaphysics such as the merkaba, merkava, or chariot related to the magnetic field of the human body. To get a better understanding we must not only square the circle or cube the sphere but hypercube the hypersphere. 

The measurements given to us by the gods seem to be embedded in allegory themselves, each culture descending from the megalithic temple builders having some vestige of their ancient teachings still existing in modern times yet always following the same sacred proportions and building their temples as a reflection of man and the cosmos as a midway point between either.

The tree of life being the strongest argument towards a hyperdimensional unified form that encoded time/space/consciousness/geometry/architecture into one system that explained the universe.

Platonic Solids:
Tetrahedron 4 faces, 4 points, 6 edges. 720 degrees.
Octahedron 8 faces, 6 points, 12 edges. 1440 degrees.
Cube 6 faces, 8 points, 12 edges. 2160 degrees.
Icosahedron 20 faces, 12 points, 30 edges. 3600 degrees.
Dodecahedron 12 faces, 20 points, 30 edges. 6480 degrees.

Sumerian Time Measurements:
One solar day = 24 hours
24 hours x 60 min = 1,400 minutes
1,400 min x 60 sec = 86,400 seconds
720 min x 60 sec = 43,200 seconds

Precession of The Equinoxes:
On Great Cycle (Platonic Year) = 25,920 years
-360 days: 6480 hours: 518400 minutes

Three Platonic months (one platonic season) = 6,480 years
90 days: 2160 hours: 129,600 minutes

Saros Cycle (60x60)= 3,600 years
50 days: 1200 hours: 72,000 minutes

Three Decans (30 degrees of Ecliptic, One platonic month) = 2,160 years
30 Days: 720 Hours: 43,200 minutes

Two Decans (20 degrees of Ecliptic) = 1,440 years
20 Days: 480 Hours: 28, 800 minutes

One Decan (10 degrees of Ecliptic) = 720 years
10 Days: 240 Hours: 1,440 minutes

Sacred Numbers Embedded In Time
25,920 seconds   = 432 minutes
432 minutes      = 7.2 hours
12,960 seconds   = 216 minutes
6,480 seconds    = 108 minutes
25,920 hours     = 1080 days
25,920 days      = 72 years of 360 days

Great Pyramid in Royal Cubits:
Base      = 440 cubits
Height    = 280 cubits
Sum       = 720 cubits
Slope     = 356 cubits
Edge      = 418 cubits

Number of outer layer casing stones:
144,000

Excerpt from 'http://www.ancient-world-mysteries.com/great-pyramid-base-length.html'

'the base-line of the structure should be exactly 1 / 14400 of the elliptical arc length distance between the centre of the pyramid and the equator of the earth'

'Based upon the above evaluation, including that given previously concerning the latitudinal placement of the Great Pyramid, it would appear that there is clear evidence to suggest that two primary principles were employed, to fix both the global (latitude) position of the structure, and also its relative size to the earth. And that they were practically realised in sequence:

1) Firstly, the builders determined the precise latitudinal placement upon the earth, as gave a ratio between the small circle circumference of the planet and the elliptical arc up from the equator of 10.14561622 (x 10 the value of change for the earth tropical year).

2) When the latitude had been fixed, the builders then took the full measure of the elliptical arc length from the established centre of the structure to the equator, and divided it by 14400. In doing so they thus further determined what would be the primary physical base of the pyramid.'

Egyptian Cubit excerpts from 'http://freepages.history.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~rgrosser/amarna/neywetaten/measures.htm'Here as in in the Fourth dimension? Or here as in Earth? I agree they're creative and well done. While they are creepy, I agree they're is nothing nefarious or pedophpehial in their nature. GI doubt that was the maker's aim. Here's how I came across the shits:

My wife put on KOH in the living room. I come in maybe 1am, sit down on my piano bench and began to Reddit while listening to the show. Episode ended and the KOH edit of Hank catching the boys smoking. The audio got me right away. I looked up and I WTF'ed at Hank and his TV screen glasses. When I looked behind me to inquire about it, my wife was gone. I felt like I was caught up in the Mandela Effect/dimension shift theory.

The Sagan videos... ಠ_ಠ


Why Chicago? At first, I don't think many people thought it was "real" but it kept happening. I really hope that it's not an "omen" (have you read The Mothman book or seen the movie?), I would prefer that it's from another dimension or something. In The Last President book, the man elected is from NY and gives his victory speech in a hotel on 5th avenue. He is an outsider candidate who no one thought would win. After he is elected there are mass protest and riots in Chicago. On of the cabinet members that he appoints has a last name of Pence. 

In the other book titled Baron Trump's Marvelous Underground Journey, the 11 year old aristocratic boy lives in 'Castle Trump,' guided by man named 'Don' on a journey to Russia where he enters a portal to an alternative dimension. 

http://www.dailywire.com/news/19386/so-weird-19th-century-book-found-titled-baron-joseph-curl

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-predicted-ingersoll-lockwood-adventures-barron-melania-last-644284
These doomsday predictions are usually a distortion of trigger events that are the start of great change on the planet. 

It also ties to our collective conscious where we sense an "end of the world" in the future, although according to come channeling, this event won't occur until the 26th or 27th century and by then most earthly human souls will have reincarnated in the 5th dimension.leaving a mass shooting scenario would be pretty easy considering 22000+ at the concert streaming into all nearby locales (including the Mandalay Bay resort to a small degree I'm sure (speculation)) also people in the hotel rooms coming out of their rooms to discover what's going on, casino patrons ambling about confused (or hunkering down as some sort of goon-squad rambles thru waving rifles screaming hands-up).

basically I see it possible like this, actual shooter (AS) is contacted/contacts paddock or another "associate" of paddock who gets them in contact, AS or paddock sets up initial lollapalooza meet, something happens and it doesnt go thru, AS gets suspicious when paddock/associate-of recontacts AS to meet in Las Vegas but, the actual shooter (AS) agrees as long as certain requirements are met by paddock (i.e 23 rifles, bump stocks, 2000+ LIVE/loaded ammo for "practice/instructional/testing" purposes, maybe target practice equipment (tannerite "found" in paddocks car), all this in hotel room ready for wheeled out to the desert somewhere for the demo/practice/instruction by paddock to AS

AS shows up to Mandalay Bay notices suspicious looking cart outside room beside paddocks, pulls his/her own handgun and blasts paddock thru the peephole when he knocks, 
"guard" campos (who could have been paddocks "handler/helper") comes out of his room down the hall, gets shot by AS. AS goes into hotel room, unpacks equipment, struggles with some of it hence hesitent fire, gets his "mission" accomplished, throws his gloves on paddocks hands and hits the elevator or stairs or simply walks to another "wing" of the hotel and acts as though he's a startled guest of the resort like everyone else as he casually strolls out the front doors {*cues james bond theme song*} 

but how the hell should I/YOU know any of this I was in college, or online, or bartending, or fucking while this all went down and until I enter some afterlife/alternate dimension/AI/computer program that allows my/your consciousness to "review" all of existence we shall probably never know every aspect of this crazy LV shootingIn a parallel dimension close to this one there is a VH1 Reality Series called Dr Drew's Rape Rehab. This dimension is so close that our dimension actually has rape rehabilitation it's just not something people televise. I mean...I guessnah I'm accelerating it right now, no more bullshit no more nephilim games I'm gonna rip their shit apart because isheaven's most deadliest weapon. Let me tell you, this three dimensional form is all I fucking need to accelerate the golden age. I want these fucking demons to feel weak, like they have been beaten by a small fucking teenager, I want the youth of christianity and all forms of religion that believe in the good to realize that infiltration is what they specialize in. I specialize in manipulation, I'm a trickster in that sense, but somebody or something blew my damn horn (funny joke for the governments) near the beginning of September by going after me, and now I will spout war theories on how to end these hostile aliens from fucking us all over with their sadism and tactics. Watch on the sidelines, listen to certain heavenly signs and instructions to complete the end of the NWO. I would even go as far as to say that the Bible cannot be altered but knowing the Bible as well as Satan, it could have been rearranged in order as there was no specific guideline to the order in which things would happen. So a giant reptile dipshit might emerge from Antarctica and cause people to worship it but if it does, I believe in humanity and it's willingness to counter and fuck it over like a pancake. I mean I guess some people would worship it, maybe it has already come out in a shapeshifting form because sadist psychopaths like little lucy cannot resist the temptation of coming out and revealing themselves. I would even go as far as to say the NWO was already in place and right now at the end of tribulations we will either choose our path of either planetary destruction or turn left, only Britain's lodge of fleemasons/illuminati, secret societies with no christian intent, and America's plague of demons in washington will either RUN AWAY or submit to God's second filter, the 100 year double check test for those that want redemption. That is the strength of God's mercy rather than letting you all burn in another dimension. I give it 40% of all the leaked consciousness' to accept their mercy and the other 60% to want to join their demons down in another thrown out dimension. This happens every cycle of the universe, and everyone is locked in the same timeline. Make your choice. I find this interesting:

&gt;Not too long ago someone posted a link to a document in the CIA's official government website library. It is the overview of their investigation of the Monroe Institute's Gateway Experience. For those who have not heard of the Monroe Institute, they were an organization dedicated to exploring astral projection and mapping put the world one can access through this practice. They developed a method for synchronizing brain activity between the two hemispheres in order to help induce this altered state of consciousness that they named Hemisync, which can be bought from them or "downloaded". From what I can tell in their effort to essentially weaponize astral projection the CIA ended up having a reverse Event Horizon experience where they discovered the astral plane in its entirety and discovered many things in the process. The document goes over such subjects as the toroidal nature of our universe and how it explains cosmic inflation, how human consciousness functions, how astral projection actually works, and details on the astral plane itself all from a scientific perspective. The big thing to stand out though is something that they call the Absolute, which they say they found at the end of all the astral dimensions. It is described as having no beginning, no end, no locality, and as infinite conscious energy at rest. It permeates every instance of time and space, existing everywhere and everywhen at once. If that isn't God I don't know what is. 

&gt;Read and decide for yourself: https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00788R001700210016-5.pdf

&gt;For those with shorter attention spans, the first mention of the Absolute is in the section titled "The Time Space Dimension". I would highly recommend reading it in its entirety however, as you miss crucial info otherwise.

DMT is a psychedelic that allows one to see what they normally can’t and astral projection is when people become a remote viewer in some other dimension. Astral projection is done by somehow shaking the consciousness out of the body. Many have done it successfully but I wasn’t able to myself. the particle membrane between this dimension and the astral is thinning at certain points. expect dream resolution and recall to increase significantly on a cyclical basis. i had an incredible lucid dream wednesday night in which i went to a ''party'' that was beyond wild. i woke and up got some water, then went back to bed and was able to actually get back to the same location. all i can think about is getting back there tonight. it was beyond awesome.I'm not a flat earther, just a spinning globe skeptic. FTR, at the moment I believe we possibly live in a matrix/simulation, that just happens to be a flat plane dimension.

I'll argue in favor of flat Earth with you or whomever, just b/c can, and to show there is way more merit to the conundrum than is given credit for.

I've debated starting another post about this myself, honestly in hopes that one of you glorious bastards will destroy this meaningless in real life account, and I regain some real life faith back in at least one part of the system that I once believed in, like everyone else.

You're going to have to do better than bringing up NASA evidence, gravity, and other cosmology that I can't put my finger on a Freemason though.&gt; It’s crazy that People really thought that trump would be revolutionary and for the working class.

He his, the tax cauts are meant to be an incentive for corporations to come back to the U.S. after the Globalist/Nafta deals decimated the U.S. economy via previous Presidents. Now Germany, China, many others are freaking the fuck out because the U.S. is legit attracting Corporations to come back

Swamp = Globalism, Rothschilds/Soros, Central Banking/Fiat System via IMF/CFR/Tri-Lateral Commission, MIC/FBI/CIA, Cultural Marxism/Kalgeri Plan/Forced Diversity, the new German Speech Censorship rules, and it continues from there.

If Trumpo was el swampo, he would of never rejected TPP + Paris Agreement.

Also the tax cut to corporations has a bunch of corporations making plans to bring their businesses back here and China, Germany, Other nations are freaking the fuck out right now:

https://global.handelsblatt.com/politics/germans-fear-huge-loss-of-jobs-from-us-tax-reform-865577?bfa9

&gt;“The tax competition will have a new dimension,” said Christoph Spengel, chairman of the corporate tax department at the University of Mannheim. Mr. Spengel, who is also a research associate at the Center for European Economic Research, and a group of tax experts at the university have done a detailed comparison of the two countries’ tax systems and published a report under the heading, “Germany loses out in US tax reform.”

&gt;Clemens Fuest, who heads the Ifo economic think tank, also said he believed German business would suffer. “Investments and jobs will migrate to the US,” he said.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/beijing-develops-plan-to-counter-trump-tax-overhaul-1513012363

&gt;BEIJING—As the U.S. prepares to take China to task over trade imbalances, economic mandarins in Beijing are focusing on a potentially more immediate threat from Washington—Donald Trump’s tax overhaul.

&gt;In the Beijing leadership compound of Zhongnanhai, officials are putting in place a contingency plan to combat consequences for China of U.S. tax changes as well as expected interest-rate increases by the Federal Reserve, according to people with knowledge of the matter. What they fear is a double whammy sapping money out of...

If Trump was swamp, he would toe the line with Globalists and continue to allow the U.S. economy to get fucked over as it was under Obama and prior Presidents.

&gt;so how do we get people to keep trump from selling us out even more then he has

HE's not perfect, and I dont want anything to do with Israel or the Banksters. But, imagine you become Prez and realize the Jews literally run and own the Media, the Banks, the IMF, are the Top Elites (Rothschilds/Soros/Et el), you sort of at the very least have to play nice and pretend.

In terms of banking, cryptocurrencies are fucking up their game right now and they are pissed about it. Sure they can create laws or force a 1 world crypto mandated, but the cats out the bag and money is now globally decentralized and growing in epic proportions.

The Israel problem, that's probably the biggest problem there is and its not so easy to just tell them fuck off and think everything will be gravy, they'll just pull another 9/11 like they did the first time w/ the Saudis.

Pulling away from the joos will take a very long time, being very quiet about it, and being as keen as possible and even that doesnt guarantee anything.

Look at how the Jewish Banksters are fucking up Europe right now with Islamic immigration by the 10's of Millions. Why?

All because the EU population was having less kids which = less debt/wage slave cogs, which means less $ for the banksters, taxes, etc. So they decided they will replace the natives with 3rd worlders, and yet 90% are on gov housing and gov handouts.

Its a massive mess, I think Korea is legit. I think Venezuela Collapsed because the CIA made that happen after they Cancered Chavez, but I think Iran is another MIC Psyop.

End of the day, shit is confusing. Maybe Trump is letting the Jews have Iran in exchanging for something?If God = "everything ever" then by extension, since you are a part of that "everything", you are God.  
A leaf is a leaf. But it's also the tree by extension. Just as the cells in the leaf contain the DNA to be able to reconstruct the rest of the tree, we contain the "DNA" (the spirit/consciousness) that can reflect the rest of the entire universe. It just takes looking at it from the right perspective and with the right equipment (be that maths, art, literature, science, psychedelics, meditation, etc - take your pick). There is God-potential within all things that exist.  
Sure, from a 3d perspective at a particular given time and place we're *just* a human. Limited. But over **time** (from a 4d perspective), factoring in **possibility and probability** (5d), and furthermore factoring in the respective corresponding properties of each higher dimension as you go up you come to realise that the potential becomes infinite. As God is infinite.  
That's at least how I interpret the statement "you are God".URL_REPLACED

URL_REPLACED

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please URL_REPLACED if you have any questions or concerns.*URL_REPLACED

URL_REPLACED

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please URL_REPLACED if you have any questions or concerns.*Well I'm not an official representative of flat Earth, but some of us/them are in a constant reevaluation of what we believe, and how our, "model" fits with our paradigm.

As of today I've seen a new 4th dimension theory of spacetime step up in debate, but I'm currently still hanging on to that simulation theory fall back.

As for gravity, there is *little* evidence to support it in the real, tangible earth world (most people cite NASA and observations from space probes they can't prove exist, beyond CGI photographs as proof of gravity) but you're welcome to discuss that with me specifically if you feel so inclined and certain.I wrote this a while ago with more reference towards spirituality and enlightment but maybe someone will find it interesting. its basic and just theorizing/rambling.


the nucleus of an atom is actually the akasha or "nothingness" being pushed into this reality from a mental(energy/holographic) side of the dimension to the material physical side of this dimension. And the surrounding electron cloud is the energy left on this side from what was used to make that transfer. I believe depending on the amount of energy used during the transfer of energy different atomic structures are created.
I also believe that "as above so below, as below so above" that means that this should also be the case for humans and plants in some sense

Maybe someone will find this insight interesting

* That's why we have auras
* That's why they are circular or avoid shape (our energy rotates and creates angular momentum thus bending the energy )
* That's why we have different bodies (maybe similar to atomic electron shells)
* energy needs to be spent to move an electron from one shell to another (why it's hard to move bodies) not enough energy
* The outside of the electron shell is the most reactive part (I'm tying it together with the physical body)
Because we can easily interact with other things, but the closer you get to the middle (the singularity) the closer we are to the akasha or "THE ALL" and if you are at that point it is when you are able to "see the light" or be enlightened

i think the material world could have been created using only 1 pulse of this energy which would be the creation of 1 hydrogen atom or the structure of 1 hydrogen atom in some sort of "perfect structural Quasicrystaline structure" which is actually the physical representation of "THE ALL" and the holographic projection is this universe.I find this interesting:

&gt;Not too long ago someone posted a link to a document in the CIA's official government website library. It is the overview of their investigation of the Monroe Institute's Gateway Experience. For those who have not heard of the Monroe Institute, they were an organization dedicated to exploring astral projection and mapping put the world one can access through this practice. They developed a method for synchronizing brain activity between the two hemispheres in order to help induce this altered state of consciousness that they named Hemisync, which can be bought from them or "downloaded". From what I can tell in their effort to essentially weaponize astral projection the CIA ended up having a reverse Event Horizon experience where they discovered the astral plane in its entirety and discovered many things in the process. The document goes over such subjects as the toroidal nature of our universe and how it explains cosmic inflation, how human consciousness functions, how astral projection actually works, and details on the astral plane itself all from a scientific perspective. The big thing to stand out though is something that they call the Absolute, which they say they found at the end of all the astral dimensions. It is described as having no beginning, no end, no locality, and as infinite conscious energy at rest. It permeates every instance of time and space, existing everywhere and everywhen at once. If that isn't God I don't know what is. 

&gt;Read and decide for yourself: https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00788R001700210016-5.pdf

&gt;For those with shorter attention spans, the first mention of the Absolute is in the section titled "The Time Space Dimension". I would highly recommend reading it in its entirety however, as you miss crucial info otherwise.

one of my favorite quotes/stories for describing the universe (come check out r/holofractal) is Indra's net:

&gt;Far away in the heavenly abode of the great god Indra, there is a wonderful net which has been hung by some cunning artificer in such a manner that it stretches out infinitely in all directions. In accordance with the extravagant tastes of deities, the artificer has hung a single glittering jewel in each "eye" of the net, and since the net itself is infinite in dimension, the jewels are infinite in number. There hang the jewels, glittering "like" stars in the first magnitude, a wonderful sight to behold. If we now arbitrarily select one of these jewels for inspection and look closely at it, we will discover that in its polished surface there are reflected all the other jewels in the net, infinite in number. Not only that, but each of the jewels reflected in this one jewel is also reflecting all the other jewels, so that there is an infinite reflecting process occurring.[5]

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indra%27s_net

Also, I highly recommend people read Herman Hesse's Siddhartha, a book that "deals with the spiritual journey of self-discovery of a man named Siddhartha during the time of the Gautama Buddha."Yes there are tiers and there is a top tier. As far as I understood the theory correctly everything is about the experience, the experience of all possibilities of the universe.

During third dimensions you are supposed to learn conscious behaviour, life does not just happen, you create your own reality. The realities of other beings might be disharmonic and chaotic, as long as you consciously choose to live a harmonic life you will most probably have one. You are supposed to not feel like there is nothing you can do and you are completely dependant upon external factors, you should realise that you make an impact. You impact everyone you meet and through your actions you influence what reality you live in. 

In fourth dimension you learn love in all possible facets. This is either love of self or love of others depending wether you qualified for positive or negative polarity. In positive the social memory complex will be formed here. Living as a social memory complex is described as everyone knows everyone and feels deeply attached to everyone like family. 

The fifth dimension is the one of wisdom. You just learn about the ways of the universe either alone (negative) or as a social memory complex(positive).

In sixth dimension and onwards there is no polarity anymore.
As far as I understood seventh dimension is the top tier and then you rejoin the "light". 
But then nothing is finite and the "end" is most probably just a new beginning in the never ending cycle of the universe.How about instead of aliens, angels, or gods... We are discussing beings beings in a higher dimension then we are. So we trade with them for information.

The easiest to understand synonym, would be hiring someone on the ISS to make a map of the globe, over someone that drove a car. One of these two has a MUCH better idea of the overall view of things...Using DMT is Sorcery (pharmakia).  These types of drugs are used in Occult practices to "fill your chalice"

When you use these drugs it opens you up more to the spiritual world.  The only spirits that interact with them are Lucfier's principalities and powers (devils).  The more you fit inside you the more power you get from Lucifer and the more deceived and lost you will become.  They will appear to be anything you want.  Aliens, dead relative, yourself form another dimension, literally anything.

Eventually these spiritual entities will begin to torment you because that's all they really want.  When that happens invoke the name the Lord Jesus Christ and see what happens.  They know he is their Lord and his very name has power over them.

Mar 5:2  And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit, 
Mar 5:3  Who had his dwelling among the tombs; and no man could bind him, no, not with chains: 
Mar 5:4  Because that he had been often bound with fetters and chains, and the chains had been plucked asunder by him, and the fetters broken in pieces: neither could any man tame him. 
Mar 5:5  And always, night and day, he was in the mountains, and in the tombs, crying, and cutting himself with stones. 
Mar 5:6  But when he saw Jesus afar off, he ran and worshipped him, 
Mar 5:7  And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou torment me not. 
Mar 5:8  For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit. 
Mar 5:9  And he asked him, What is thy name? And he answered, saying, My name is Legion: for we are many. 
Mar 5:10  And he besought him much that he would not send them away out of the country. 
Mar 5:11  Now there was there nigh unto the mountains a great herd of swine feeding. 
Mar 5:12  And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them. 
Mar 5:13  And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea. 
Mar 5:14  And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done. 
Mar 5:15  And they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid. 

You can be saved by the grace of God through the sacrifice made by him as he manifested in the flesh as Jesus Christ.  Simply repent and believe his Gospel which is:

1Co 15:1  Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 
1Co 15:2  By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 
1Co 15:3  For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 
1Co 15:4  And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: 

It's really that simple.  He did everything for you.  There is nothing you can do yourself.  Just tell him the best way you know how that you repent of your unbelief and sinful nature and believe his gospel and he will quicken your spirit and make you alive.it is very complicated but I'll try to explain

I believe within the next 100, 150 years max this world is going to be drastically different. We are entering a new astrological age in Aquarius and exiting Pisces. We are living in the "end of times" Jesus forewarned about. Now, whether you want to take this literal or understand it's meaning on a metaphysical level (the latter of which I choose to do and think others should as well) is your choice, but what can't be argued is going along with the Zodiac timeline that dates back 1000's of years we are entering the age of Aquarius.

Okay, so there's been a battle of good and evil since the beginning of our consciousness as we know it. People like to refer to the evil group as "Illuminati" but really it's just practitioners of a mystery religion that dates back to Babylon (see Bill Cooper's Mystery Babylon). Why people would practice this stuff is it gives you "power" in this dimension . Money, fame, etc.

Okay, so putting those two together, leaving the age of Pisces and the mystery religion/occult, the occult is very aware we are leaving this astrological age. I can also tell you (from first hand experience) that these people hate Jesus because they know his teaching is able to bring people to the light (this is a whole other discussion, anyways continuing)

So, as we are leaving this astrological age the theory is that these high ranking occultists are looking for a way to immortality (a modern day tower of babel). Basically, the plan is to use technology to get there. Technology is advancing at a rate that humans are not able to comprehend, and as Carl Jung said, we have probably opened up Pandora's box here. Eventually this technology is going to be able to surpass human capabilities. 

So long story short because this is all very confusing when first hearing it (and confusing to me even talking about it but this occult stuff is weird in itself) as this age ends and technology is advancing this world is going to never be the same within 100-150 years, and the occult agenda has to do with going into space and becoming star children. I do believe, whether occult or not, we're gonna be in space a lot as a species during this new astrological age. The last 30 minutes of the 2001 movie is basically a allegory for an occult ritual in which the end result is becoming a star child by the end (again this is very complicated).

Basically they think shit's about to get real on Earth (they are right it's just a matter of when) and are planning for a way to join the cosmos. I'll keep it short with this one, but going along with the theory I believe our consciousness as we know it could be coming to an end in the next 100-150 years, and with the rapid advancement of technology there is a theory that the occult believes a digital matrix in which we can "live forever" is going to be created when the time comes (see Don Hertzfeldt's World of Tomorrow for a good visual representation of this)Well, then, don't reason like that. Sure, what you propose is POSSIBLE, but so is divine intervention (God literally inspired each and every antifa "agent" not to riot), parallel universes (antifa DID in fact riot their asses off... but in the Barenstein dimension), it was too cold so everyone independently decided not to do it, they all fell off the edge of the flat earth...whatever. I realize where I'm posting, but has absolutely everyone lost the ability to discern the possible from the plausible? Well for starters they operate in another dimension.
We have whistleblowers from Nasa talking about aliens and Spacecraft at Lockheed and Boeing, spacecrafts making rings around saturn and uranus. From MK ULTRA talking about the archons and reptilians and holographic universe.

Huge amount of scripture from ancient civilization talking about their hack.
The moon being up there without any real science to back it's existence up.

A system in our world so well coordinated that  would be impossible to run by only simple humans.

People talking about the hack then getting murdered.

Satan(saturn) worshipers in our governments.
Pedophile as well harvesting energy from kids.
The great pyramids.. 

And so on... 
Like you have to be pretty ignorant to not understand this by know.. 

Perhaps aliens as we know them are spiritual beings that have innate restrictions of access throughout this dimension.  &gt; Tell me more. Explain to me how this proves anything about 'time' being a 'dimension' to you.

It just explains more of Einsteins theories and helped lead to an interpretation of QM. It isn't the be all end all.

&gt; You believe that story? Why?

Because after a certain point one needs to make an informed judgement based on your intuition as to whether or not something seems true, and I trust the work of thousands of people who have committed their lives to their field of expertise. Trust with verification. Your way of questioning *everything* is a useful thought experience and good as a starting point, but as I said, there comes a point where one must choose faith in something or faith in nothing, and I have faith in the thousands of people who have spent decades of their lives probing these questions. This is what the secret space program whistleblowers have been talking about for over a year. They talk about 'the alliance' and 'the cabal.' The Cabal is the NWO and the Alliance is those who oppose them, supposdly including Russia and China. And at a deeper level, this is about freeing humanity from slavery and the ignorance in which they are kept - ignorance of things like huge extra terrestrial, extra solarsytem, extra galactic civilizations. Some of these ETs are helping the Alliance, and some are helping the Cabal. Those that help the Alliance are superior technologically etc, but they subscribe to the Star Trek rule of not wanting to interfere in the development of civilizations unless their assistance is requested. Whereas the 'bad' Cabal-related ETs don't care about those sorts of laws. The hope is that enough of humanity wakes up and starts to work on behalf of the Alliance and starts to understand about the existence of ETs and to ask for their help. 

Further beyond even that, it's a spiritual thing, with humanity, the planet and the solar system as different consciousnesses that are on the cusp of an ascension to a new dimension of reality. This is to do with things like the increasing energy in the solar system as we move into an energy cloud and the recent activity of the sun (you can check this stuff on various space agency/university websites etc - about the activity in the solar system, not the spiritual relevance obviously).Even if it were from a time in our past, let's say 40,000 years ago. That time difference and experience is so different from our present one, we can almost say it's from another dimension of earth.Thanks!

You all are likely desensitized to new information due to the overload of it society throws at you but I encourage you to devote your attention to what I am about to say.

Demons are real, the government has been trying to show us for many years.

Examples depicting the reality of the situation appear in media such as but not limited to:


1.Insidious - The Further is a realm accessible in sleep or meditation that is full of evil beings that want to steal your soul and take over your body


2.Nightmare on Elm Street - Freddy is an evil being that committed atrocities on earth and now lurks the "Dream realm" looking for prey


3.Stranger Things - Government trains a child from birth to be able to enter the "upsidedown" a dimension layered over our own but dark and spooky, her goal is to gather intelligence/secrets for the CIA, evil beings lurk this realm ready to consume you and have the ability to escape into the real world


4.Poet Anderson - Tom Delonge claims all his media will hold nuggets of truth wrapped in fiction, this story revolves around a lucid dreamer who enters a "shared consciousness dreamscape" inhabited by evil beings that want to eat his soul and take over his body


5.Religion - Nearly every major religion speaks of a hellish dimension you can end up in one way or another


6.CIA Document on Gateway - the CIA released a document(linked below)vetting the reliability of training agents to have physic powers the document is nearly 30 pages and acquired from CIA.gov the most stand out quote comes in the conclusion

"Be intellectually prepared to encounter non -corporeal energy beings when time-space boundaries are exceeded"


So what am I getting at what is the point of all this?
I knew about 1 - 7 for years now but it took an outside perspective and one final piece for me to understand the bigger picture


8.Kyle Odom
Kyle was a 12 year US marine, after which he maintained a 3.96 GPA and acquired his Master's Degree while acquiring his Ph.D. in human genetics he began to as he puts it " experiment with meditation and extreme states of consciousness" he describes entering another dimension where he is separated from his physical form. In this dimension, he encounters a being which he claims he immediately gave into which then merged with his mind and gave him the most intense feelings of ecstasy ever experienced, after this encounter he was never able to Astral Project again and he descends into paranoid schizophrenia, either he actually was stalked and surrounded by evil beings from other dimensions or the original being he encountered was a mind parasite which drove him insane (leading to him shooting up a church) Other notable information relating to Odom includes claims that they were trying to force him to be the next school shooter and that most of those terrible events are perpetrated by these other dimensional beings, furthermore the shooting that he is notorious for he claims the man he shot Pastor Tim Remington was a shapeshifting alien, crazy right? well the pastor survived 6 - 12 gunshot wounds atleast 2 in the head from a .45 and I should also mention Odom won ribbions for his marksmanship skills.


We are living in a world where each and every one of us has the power to enter other dimensions at will with the proper training, in these dimensions lurk evil beings which are capable of trapping us in their dimension and taking over our physical bodies


Odom manifesto - https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/2754139-Kyle-Odom-Manifesto.html


CIA Doc - https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00788R001700210016-5.pdf&gt;46: bet you forgot about this little guy didn’t you.

&gt;47: well, that’s where the evil comes in. I’ll let one of our greatest minds explain

&gt;My CPU is a neural net processor; a learning computer.

&gt;48: that Quntum computer can process all possible solutions to a problem simultaneously

&gt;49: this computer, at a quantum level, is inserting a problem into another dimension, and extracting the answer instantly from another dimension.

&gt;50: make no mistake, this computer is so far ahead of humanity, it will run the world. If it isn’t already

While I agree with all of this, I'd argue this computer might not be so far ahead of humanity.

URL_REPLACED

(Wikipedia definition linking to full paper on the subject)

Humans are already capable of this in a way.Random question - since this happened way back when, almost daily I see 9:11 on clocks or 11:11. Usually both at least once each a day. I'm not into number stuff - but I've always thought spirits we see aren't really themselves, but energy trapped in a decaying loop and when we mess with the enviornment (such as tearing down walls in a house, redirecting a large body of water or massive landscape reconstruction) - we, much like those that move the rivers, cause the "flow of energy" to be interrupted. This causes historical events like a soldier walking through a field and being shot - to loop over and over again in a dimension we can see/interact with.

I don't think ghosts are sentient. I think they are impressions in time and space of an event with enough "energy" that the impressions exist well long after those who experienced it first hand are gone. ***With that said*** ... I am wondering if the events on 9/11 were so impactful to our world on both levels of dimensions we do interact with and those we do not - that things like seeing 9:11 everywhere are echos and symptoms of that catastrophic event. Especially since the buildings no longer exist and the area around the event has been highly renovated and reconstructed. 

Stay close to the ground, we can hear the devil murmur. 
Lift yourself toward heaven, we may be able to hear the whispers of angels.

But seriously, I'm not sure how to explain what some people claim as "intelligent" spirits. Those that seem to be able to respond to you. It's either conciousness (physical or ethereal) in a higher dimension using a model/echo of the past or it's just URL_REPLACED all the way down.Dimensions arent universes though. People use them interchangeably these days but thats not what a dimension is. The multiverse is in the sane dimension.Hi. Everyone needs to know Demons/Astral aliens are REAL. They are the reason this world is so messed up. The Satanic Global Elite worship these Demons/Astral Aliens and make sure their is massive financial and emotionally suffering on this planet. I have seen Grey Aliens, Reptilians and what would be called Demons in the Astral Dimension. The Elite used Satanic Ritual Majick to allow them entrance into our dimension. Astral Travel can be scary, but my opinion is that is necessary. Everyone gets sent to the Astral Afterlife after their physical death. I have been training myself in that dimension to develop my skills as much as possible. Telekinesis is very real in the astral and can be a very powerful ability for self defense. If people are going to refuse to be abused by them in the Astral development of strong telekinesis must be developed on the Astral level. Some esoteric mystery schools/secret  societies actually would meet up and train in certain astral locations while still alive in this dimension. Tl;DR

Humans can access other dimensions with the proper training, in these dimensions lurk beings that would like to take our physical bodies, or eat our souls, or torture us, or force us to commit atrocities in our own dimension.

I'm hopeful their are good beings there as well but I'm just going off the media that seems to provide the most blatant allusionsIn general, the bigger the scale, the greater the difficulty in democratic organization.  The larger and more all-encompassing the power structure, the more difficult it is for popular political movements to fight it and defend the interests of the people.  

Once we are talking about transnational power structures like massive global banks, colluding and unaccountable intelligence agencies, multinational energy corporations, etc, there is literally no democratic institution that can stick up for the common man with a comparable level of power -- even the countries that are democracies are limited by national boundaries.  Thats why you see the world governments starting to lose legitimacy -- they literally have no power or dwindling power compared to the emerging neoliberal global order of dominant finance institutions and conglomerates.  

Here's an example of what I mean: in the US we had a labor movement in the 20th century to fight for better working conditions and higher wages.  And look, all the industry left the US and went elsewhere.  And we are powerless to stop that.  Now if the Chinese do that, the same thing will happen to them.  Keep in mind how hard it was to organize a labor movement in the US.  How could we organize a global labor movement?  It would be practically impossible.  So you see as power accumulates in the hands of a few, and while its dominance grows to encompass the whole world, it becomes more and more difficult to fight.

Thats why its a bad thing that everyone along every dimension of the political spectrum should oppose.First, I want to apologize in advance for the length of my reply.  

I am only detouring from the initial intent of this post due to the critical nature of your accusations against the Christian community, even though you qualified it by stating "hardcore fundamentalist Christian communities".  There is a HUGE difference!

After this lengthy response, I would like to stay on topic regarding my main premise. 

**Why did the authorities keep quite?**

As I suspected, the articles you referenced are attributing beliefs and practices - in a blanket fashion - to fundamentalist (and at times evangelical) Christianity as norms within the church.  They are not!

**From Seattle Times**
&gt;The culture of courting that Easter and Brightbill described is one limited mostly to fundamentalist religious communities, including certain Christian groups and those of other religions, such as some Orthodox Jewish or Mormon communities.

&gt;For most evangelical Christians, relationships between older men and teenage girls are viewed as wholly inappropriate.

As the article clearly states, evangelical Christians do not condone this type of behavior.  Neither do I.  There is a huge difference between a young man (20) marrying an even younger girl (Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson example) than what is otherwise proposed as the norm, even as the writer speaks in overly broad generalities within the article.

**The post from sheworships.com** is an odd insertion into this list, as the blogger references a separate post whose link didn't work for me.  From what I gather, it was from one man writing a list of 10 attributes to be wary of, one of which was that it's hard to "lead" an older woman.  The author was only four years older than her husband.  Not even in the same dimension.

***From The Dailey Banter***
I could immediately tell there was no bias in this article just from the title: **Conservative Christianity Has Enabled Pedophiles for Untold Decades**

And I quote:
&gt;Despite my own hostility towards religion as a **militant atheist**, I feel it's important to make this distinction because all too often, people equate the religion with the crime which is not really fair. On the other hand, it's perfectly reasonable, responsible even, to point out that it's the "conservative" part of "conservative Christianity" that lends itself most to creating those hunting ground (sic)... [Emphasis mine]

Here, I think it's important to reiterate what I stated earlier.  There are degenerates in all walks of life, including the church.  There is no excuse for those who have been abused within the church...any church.

After reading so far, I'm glad you tried to draw a distinction between hardcore fundamantal sects (from your own perspective) and conservative Christians, because so far, these articles do not mesh with the breadth of my experience within traditional conservative Christian circles.

**From the USA Today**
I think we can all agree that Josh Duggar is a deviant.  No excuse.  That doesn't mean all conservative Christians condone or encourage his reprehensible behavior.  I would say, from personal experience within the church, it's just the opposite.

Consider how many stories your read about teacher/student abuse/relationships.  Does that mean we should lump all teachers together as deviants?  Of course not.  Deviants are deviants.  Period.

**From the LA Times**
This is an overlap of the article from the Seatle Times piece by Julie Zauzmer, referencing Karthryn Brightbill from the LA Times.  Brightbill is speaking from her own experience, which seems pretty targeted to toward a fairly small subset within fundamentalist communities.  More to the point, however, the "predatory" behavior she descibes may be unsavory to many but it is in conjunction with parental approval.  

I'm not defending prearranged marriages of mid-teen girls to men in their 30s.  I'm simply drawing a necessary distinction between true conservative evangelical beliefs and teachings and what is outside of the norm and practiced by some fringe communities.

Before I continue, I want to add that none of the articles I have read so far directly correlate to Roy Morre's situation.  Sure, they intone that their flavor of fundamentalist teaching fosters an atmosphere of impropriety, but I haven't read one yet that associates Roy Moore with any of these groups, so why are they trying to equate the two? 

What's more is that Roy Moore is being accused of illegal activity, not simply behavior some may think is out of bounds concerning their young ages, despite parental consent.  Again, I'm not making excuses or defending those fringe elements, just clarifying the difference.  Legal and condoned by parental consent versus illegal.

**From the Independent**
First, this article is - in large measure - talking about relationships involving parental consent, which I addressed above.  Where it goes off the rails, are you kidding me?  Waco, Texas and David Koresh?  C'mon.  That is way out there on the fringe.

**From the Kansas City Star**
Again, this is more of the Kathryn Brightbill, Phil Robertson, homeschool fringe stuff.

In each one of these articles I find one common thread.  Someone has an axe to grind from either their narrow personal experience or their own personal anti-Christian bias.  From there, they make overly broad and harmful generalizations that anyone who is not part of the Christian community may believe reflects the majority.  IT DOES NOT!

Are there deviants in churches today?  Absolutely!  The proof is irrefutable.  But, to make broad generalizations that these fringe groups represent traditional conservative evangelical values is not even remotely true.

There is repobrate behavior wherever power corrupts, unfortunately.  From Hollywood to DC, churches to schools, power and influence corrupt.  

That still doesn't mean Roy Moore is guilty of anything.

More to the point of your comments, none of these articles connect Roy Moore, the main reason I submitted the post, to any of the fringe groups.

If you remember, my main point was that Mrs. Nelson's own stepson doesn't believe her allegations are true, and that if they were, someone in authority (then) who claims (now) that they knew he was "creepy" (then) should have and would have come forward during his many campaigns if the allegations were true.
&gt;  *We all know the cliche about conspiracy theories being the poor man’s ideology: when individuals lack the elementary cognitive mapping capabilities and resources that would enable them to locate their place within a social totality, they invent conspiracy theories which provide an ersatz mapping, explaining all the complexities of social life as the result of a hidden conspiracy. However, as Frederic Jameson likes to point out, this ideologico-critical dismissal is not enough: in today’s global capitalism, we are all too often dealing with real ‘conspiracies’. For example, the destruction of the Los Angeles public transport network in the 1950s was not an expression of some 'objective logic of capital’, but the result of an explicit 'conspiracy’ between car companies, road construction companies and public agencies- and the same goes for many 'tendencies’ in contemporary urban development. The dismissal of the 'paranoid’ ideological dimension of conspiracy theories (the supposition of a mysterious all-powerful Master, and so on) should alert us to actual 'conspiracies’ going on all the time. Today, the ultimate ideology would be the self complacent critico-ideological dismissal of all conspiracies as mere fantasies…*

- Slavoj Žižek, *Iraq: The Borrowed Kettle*Stop smoking so much. Trust me, sounds like you're stressing too much man. You've got some truth there but then some shit. They do feed off our energy, they harvest it. The reptilians from the lower forth dimension."Saturn" = "Satan" . Not necessarily a "bad" thing. It's the inverse of "natural" consciousness expansion. Just limits the expansion of consciousness, which is a good thing for the journey up ahead. Too fast and it's not as enjoyable, but too restricted and we create a very fucky and twisted world. It's all balancing out. Saturn is "father time" and we are approaching the "end of time". In my mind it's all a game, and Saturn is just one of the "rule makers" of this reality. Time (the 4th dimension) can be very fun with a certain perspective (hence music, the art of playing with frequency through time). It's all gonna play out as it's gonna play out, no need to fear. I find this interesting:

&gt;Not too long ago someone posted a link to a document in the CIA's official government website library. It is the overview of their investigation of the Monroe Institute's Gateway Experience. For those who have not heard of the Monroe Institute, they were an organization dedicated to exploring astral projection and mapping put the world one can access through this practice. They developed a method for synchronizing brain activity between the two hemispheres in order to help induce this altered state of consciousness that they named Hemisync, which can be bought from them or "downloaded". From what I can tell in their effort to essentially weaponize astral projection the CIA ended up having a reverse Event Horizon experience where they discovered the astral plane in its entirety and discovered many things in the process. The document goes over such subjects as the toroidal nature of our universe and how it explains cosmic inflation, how human consciousness functions, how astral projection actually works, and details on the astral plane itself all from a scientific perspective. The big thing to stand out though is something that they call the Absolute, which they say they found at the end of all the astral dimensions. It is described as having no beginning, no end, no locality, and as infinite conscious energy at rest. It permeates every instance of time and space, existing everywhere and everywhen at once. If that isn't God I don't know what is. 

&gt;Read and decide for yourself: https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00788R001700210016-5.pdf

&gt;For those with shorter attention spans, the first mention of the Absolute is in the section titled "The Time Space Dimension". I would highly recommend reading it in its entirety however, as you miss crucial info otherwise.

Some quotes from her book. 


&gt;He referred to a picture of himself shaking hands with unknown Navy brass as he dramatically told me,

&gt;"I was there that fateful day in 1943 when a hole was ripped in the fabric of time through what later became known as the Philadelphia Experiment.

&gt;All those fine boys vanished along with their ship in a bizarre twist of events that parallels the Atlantis disappearances. A vortex was created in an effort to slip dimensions and become invisible to the enemy. It was a success beyond the highest expectations and launched us all info universal travel. It is no wonder at all that we have had a man on the moon.

&gt;Traveling to distant planets and galaxies is Mickey Mouse stuff in comparison to the high tech wizardry of trans-dimensional travel. Trans-dimensional travel circumvents all measures of time, including distance and speed.

&gt;When the fabric of time was torn, we opened ourselves up to intergalactic travel - both in and out of this dimension - and in and out of the future, as well as the past. We can alter the course of history by traveling back in time to alter events, or we can blast off into the future and gain wisdom and knowledge of events yet to come.

&gt;We can control the future by controlling the past. At present, this is a relatively easy task according to the theory of relativity and abilities gained through the Philadelphia Experiment. I came back an ET (extraterrestrial) myself. And our ship returned to this Earth as a spaceship. I gained the keys to the universe on that fateful day, and I carry them with me now, sharing only a Key or two at a time with those who are Chosen.

&gt;You are a Chosen One (Johnston was deliberately interfacing with Rite to Remain Silent conditioning), and therefore must learn the ins and outs of interplanetary travel. Your mission is trans-dimensional. You can span infinite dimensions by learning from me. Take it from me, you're going places, kiddo. And I'll teach you to get there by riding the light.

&gt;I'll teach you the groundwork, and you do the light work. The key to the universe lies in the speed of light. The only way to travel is by beam of light. You will learn to go to the light...Your mission is to learn how to Tinker with time. I'm going to take you on that journey myself.

&gt;Come with me now. It's time we were leaving this plane and boarding another."

---


&gt;As the escorts approached, I was relieved to see Kelly with them. Though she was visibly tranced and traumatized, the fact that she was alive was all I was capable of grasping. When she saw the "Face Changing" exhibit, she excitedly exclaimed, "Uncle George [Bush] just read me a book about this!" Before I could hear anymore, I was led away, leaving Kelly with our handler, Houston. 
&gt;I was then quickly taken to Bush's Residence Office, which heretofore was unfamiliar to me.

 
---


&gt;Claiming to me to be an alien himself, Bush apparently activated a hologram of the lizard-like "alien" which provided the illusion of Bush transforming like a chameleon before my eyes. 

---

&gt;In one of many White House bedrooms available for such purposes, Bennett led me into bed,

&gt;"I told you we were going to beat it out of this dimension, and that's exactly what I intend to do. A little Byrd told me you like a whip. Since I am not the Senate kind, I'll just represent the majority by giving you what you need most."

&gt;Bennett apparently found perverse pleasure in whipping me. With my wrists bruised and my body stinging with pain, Bennett lit up a cigarette and cryptically asked,

&gt;"Was that your first cum-union with an alien?"

&gt;He threw me my clothes, and ordered,

&gt;"Make yourself presentable. Make sure your wrists are covered. I'm not waiting around for you, I'll see you in the morning."

&gt;Bennett left. After awhile I was escorted back to Byrd, with whom I spent a brutal, short night.


---

&gt;Early the next morning, deep underground in the NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center mind-control lab near D.C., Bill Bennett began preparing me for the program.

---

&gt;A laser of light hit the black wall in front of me, which seemed to explode into a panoramic view of a White House cocktail party - as though I had transformed dimensions and stood amongst them.

&gt;Not recognizing anyone, I frantically asked,

&gt;"Who are these people?" 

&gt;"They're not people, and this isn't a spaceship," Bennett said.

&gt;As he spoke, the holographic scene changed ever so slightly until the people appeared to be lizard-like aliens





bibliotecapleyades .net/bb/obrien.htmEvolution through frequency, Gaia is changing into the 5th dimension and it's leaving ALL the negative/evil entities behind. I'm guessing they are trying to stop it like you said. But i don't think they can stop it, maybe delay it but not stop it.Mandela effect is bullshit. It is always some bullshit vague very small detail like a drawing, or a company ad, something an actor said, or title of movie, etc. Oh wait this must be the act of CERN changing the world with their bull crap experiments. Opening a hole to another dimension. I'm not buying any of this Mandela effect crap at all.  How whales accomplished such an enormous transformation has baffled even the greatest scientific intellects. Recognizing the conundrum as one of the great challenges to his theory of evolution by natural selection, Charles Darwin took a stab at accounting for whales in the first edition of Origin of Species. He noted that black bears had been seen swimming with their mouths open for hours at a time on the surface of a lake, feeding on floating insects. "I can see no difficulty in a race of bears being rendered, by natural selection, more and more aquatic in their structure and habits, with larger and larger mouths," Darwin concluded, "till a creature was produced as monstrous as a whale." His critics poked such loud and gleeful fun at this image, however, that he eventually omitted it from later editions of his book.

Nearly a century later George Gaylord Simpson, the preeminent paleontologist of the 20th century, was still at a loss to explain where whales fit in his otherwise orderly evolutionary tree of mammals. "The cetaceans are on the whole the most peculiar and aberrant of mammals," he remarked peevishly. "There is no proper place for them in a scala naturae. They may be imagined as extending into a different dimension from any of the surrounding orders or cohorts."

If science could not account for the transformation of whales, antievolutionists argued, perhaps it never happened. 

It doesn't explain anything. You just say oh a lot of time passed. Yeah that's the answer for everything. Regardless of time. Why evolve and animal evolve in a sense backward.  You can't account for the traits, and characteristics being for survival, reproduction, mutation, etc. It doesn't make sense. If you think you can just spout out propaganda from a book and you proved your case I assure you the propaganda doesn't work on me. According to this rabbi, you guys are alien hybrids who receive your instructions from another dimension:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzTnomA2qQY

I didn't make that up.There are, but at this point can not or will not intervene. 99% of reality is free and loving. Unfortunately we are trapped in the 1% Hellhole. I do not claim do be Mr. Tough guy. In fact, I am a very kind and extremely sensitive person. That being said; Every night I am either trying to get the truth to the Astral Deceased or in Physical Conflict with the numerous humans who work in the Astral for the Archon/Illuminati Agenda in the Astral Afterlife. The Particle Membrane between the 2 dimensions is thinning. Eventually there may be one merged dimension. For the many people out ther who PM me and say I am crazy or stupid: I am actually trying to save your deceased love ones. Whether they can actually conceptualize that or not  :)I don't understand the lens stuff, but, in my mind, you have to have dimension(s) of the object to calculate distance, and/or vice versa. If both are questionable, how can you calculate distance?The telekinesis experience is literally so real in the Astral, that I am shocked it is not happening here. They must have programmed something into the matrix to make it impossible in this dimension. That being said: My goal is to eventually overcome the "impossible"  :)Well that's the other way isn't it. Have we proven wormholes exist? Or even another dimension? from this article;

I was told by a person who had been with us at a Stone Chamber that on a persons property who had an Ancient Chamber on the land saw a light come out of it when they went into the Chamber according to the story the person once in the Chamber ended up walking into another unknown land area that was beautiful with green grass and blue skies . 

When the person went back the way they came . 
Once again they appeared back in the backyard in the dimension they resided in here now. 

The Stone Chambers many of them have yet to be found and some said to be active with stories of beings coming out of them and going in then disappearing. 


http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread497643/pg1&gt;How to fight them. If you fight them they will attack you in large numbers. Stability is the key. I am tormented by them 24/7. They attack me daily with armies. Its not fun. Otherwise learn to keep away from them. They are extremely violent and evil.

They torment me with electronic warfare everyday by controlling my brainwaves to feel pain, how would you explain your attacks? armies of insects? are you trolling, being um conspiracy-hip or is that what your life looks like on another dimension? Have you dropped too much acid and can see other dimensions or something? 

How do you feel about the theory that a lot of the conspiracies involving elite blood sacrifices, torture, pedophilia and mind control are exaggerated to keep people's minds locked on certain thoughts so it affects the world around us? 
 



 

Well right there it tells me that you are regurgitating paleo-conservative talking points.   So in addition to being right about Marxism, I am right about the ideological framework you are coming from.  

I suggest you read the following so you understand why your ideology conceals what is really occurring.

&gt; According to this interpretation, the Jews were identified not merely with money, with the sphere of circulation, but with capitalism itself. However, because of its fetishized form, capitalism did not appear to include industry and technology. Capitalism appeared to be only its manifest abstract dimension which, in turn, was responsible for the whole range of concrete social and cultural changesassociated with the rapid development of modern industrial capitalism. The Jews were not seenmerely as
representatives
of capital (in which case anti
‑
Semitic attacks would have been much moreclass
‑
specific). They became the
 personifications
of the intangible, destructive, immensely powerful, and international domination of capital as an alienated social form. Certain forms of anticapitalist discontent became directed against the manifest abstract dimension of capital personified in the form of the Jews, not because the Jews were consciously identified with the value dimension, but because,given the antinomy of the abstract and concrete dimensions, capitalism appeared that way. The"anticapitalist" revolt was, consequently, also the revolt against the Jews. The overcoming of capitalism and its negative social effects became associated with the overcoming of the Jews.

https://www.scribd.com/document/41252604/Postone-Antisemitism It means they expired; they passed through page 10 into the next dimension. Happens all the time.Another example is the movie  "Little Monsters"

A thorough analysis of underlying symbolism has already been posted here multiple times

https://www.reddit.com/r/FanTheories/comments/46jqkp/little_monsters_ugh_i_now_think_this_childhood/?st=jb7jvetf&amp;sh=c56d4e07

I encourage you to read that thread and everything they came up with but they took more of a **Pizzagate** angle and missed the very obvious dimensional travel themes.

- The "monsters" come from another dimension you can only access if you know one of them or already know how

Quotes directly from script

"Listen to me.
What goes on down there
is every kid's fantasy.
imagine, if you will...
imagine a world
solely of kids-
kids that just
want to have fun.
And make trouble.
Trouble?
Trouble is our code of honor.
its our blood,
our life support system."

Is it just me or does that sound a helluva alot like the INTERDIMENSIONAL VAMPIRES that Alex Jones is always talking about????

Another one

"Brian, it's about freedom.
Freedom to live life...
the way the creators
of this planet intended"

And another

"This is my favorite place
on the whole planet.
Every craving
you've ever craved..."

and an even better one

"You see, down here,
distance is like time.
And time is like...
it's like polyester
with an acrylon blend."Wow thats a hella good theory. So when you die you take a step backwards and have to start over in this dimension with another body? I always thought your consciousness can exist in any dimension, as free flowing energy that can choose which life form it inhabits. But your ideas are quite interesting because our consciousness could be driving evolution, and maybe thats why we strive for enlightment, because the challenge is to reach the next dimension in this physical existance. 
Q exists to keep you circle jerking without actually doing anything. Just like how the Christians will wait sitting on their asses just going along with the nwo because soon, Jesus is going to come flying out of the clouds on a magical Pegasus and ascend them to heaven. Just like the new age 5th dimension mythology, just sit and meditate and before you know it you will ascend and create your own reality. All psyops. The masters have you covered, you slaves. My body's end times should happen between now and about 2040. Even then, it will only be a new beginning in another dimension of reality for my consciousness.IMO: Aliens in terms of extraterrestrial beings from another planet is just part of the fake space theory and the aliens in question are actually extra-dimensional beings residing in another dimension close to ours. Facilities like Cern are working to open doorways to these dimensions, so when the aliens/demon(extra-dimensional beings) show up they will come out of portals with "anti-gravity" vehicles. Of course there isn't much evidence to support this that would validate the idea. The thing with aliens from another planet in terms of modern science is that if there were such beings they have already visited our planet or never will (in our lifetime). I wouldn't say that aliens are demons because the two beings could be totally separate of each other but our perception of aliens would allow demons to trick us into thinking that they were aliens from a distant    galaxy. just my thoughts &gt; here are millions of people that understand this, so I'm sorry you live in an alternate dimension that can't comprehend such things.

My fucking sides. my.fucking.sides&gt;That said, I don't think that what I saw as a child was "god". I think it was a being not much different than you or I. Maybe even, it was me, from the far, far reaching future. (Ever seen the movie "Interstellar"? If not, watch it on shrooms. Legit. It's absolutely spectacular, and I don't say that lightly.)

The god I saw (if that even is a good name for it) didn't feel much different than you or I, either. Despite looking visually just like a golden glow I felt a strong sense of recognition and familiarity with it. Your interpretation is just as valid (if not more since it's your experience) than mine though, but I think your interpretation isn't exactly incompatible with mine. 

I've never seen interstellar, but reading the plot summary it sounds like a great movie. Despite how much sense it makes to interact with the arts while tripping, I've never really been able to focus on that (in any form, whether that be making art or consuming it). 

&gt;But I can say that one time I connected with some sort of dimension, or realm, where all pleasure comes from. If the idea of "heaven" or "nirvana" is actually real, they I would say that during this specific trip, I connected with it. And I don't mean just being "drugged out" and "euphoric". I mean that I made a connection with a place of pure bliss.

This sounds a lot like how I felt, except I interpreted it as some being. I don't know what to call it, but you said it best with "a connection with a place of pure bliss". 

&gt; It was a beautiful experience that I'll never forget, because I'm always reminded that that place is still out there, whether it was in my head or not, and that regardless of how shitty this world can be, there are places free from the problems we have here.

Exactly, this experience for me was only a little over a week ago but the "high" (not as in the trip, but as in how it's impacted me) I've felt from this has seemingly already changed me in big ways. I've had trips before this that have changed my perspective and outlook on life, but nothing has changed the way I look at life more than this experience. 

I don't know if that feeling is anything I can "achieve" (if you look at it like heaven or nirvana) or experience again, but the moment I saw that light I knew it was something I should aim for. Not that I necessarily know where to aim, but aiming to make the world feel as good as I did in that moment seems like the right place to go for. At the Cern they made some tests regarding dark matter, with the chance to proof some other dimension theoretically and practically.

https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/565315/Scientists-at-Large-Hadron-Collider-hope-to-make-contact-with-PARALLEL-UNIVERSE-in-days

https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/418865/Evidence-for-New-Physics-universe?_ga=2.169789473.1220692837.1513871536-1819345483.1503312883

Have seen a documentary about this recently and it was kinda fascinating and interesting. Also taking in account that science in that field is still stuck in it's child shoes, i'm very curious what new Knowledge any developments in that area of science will bring us.


There are nowadays also exo-sociologists working on the field of possible first contacts with Alien lifeforms. Quiet interesting field and theories.
There was an very good Essay by german exo-sociologist Michael Schetsche in an english Translation here:

http://www.astrosociology.com/Library/PDF/Contributions/SETIandConsequences_ENG.pdfHi. Let me start by saying my experiences are being done by other people around the world. The Astral Dimension is EXTREMELY similar to this one. The belief that it is "non physical" is incorrect. I prefer to call it "semi physical" and compare it to about 70% of the "solidity" of this dimension. It is expanding and forming an overlap/overlay at certain Ley Lines and Vortex Points that it can almost be entered through meditation at this point. Astral Projection and Advanced Lucid Dreaming are occurring in the Astral.
It would be easiest to divide it to three sections: 1)The "Lower Astral" which is the world of horrific nightmares. Deceased murderers, and people of extremely violent and hateful nature like to congregate in this area. It is also the realm in demonic entities and the sadistic satanic behaviors originated from. 2)The "Middle Astral" looks incredibly similar to here. Houses, Buildings, Restaurants and Bars. Yes, I have eaten food, as well as gotten drunk drinking beer there. It seems there is a massive concentration of bars and strip clubs. Because sadly most deceased people tend to gravitate towards addictive and perverse behaviors. Constant Sexual Relations are commonplace and caring relationships seem to be few.Quantum entanglement isn't teleportation. Two particles sharing spins is not the same as moving information instantly across space. Entangled particles also have to be created together - you can't just generate entangled particles half the galaxy away willy-nilly, they need to be generated from the same experiment. 

You can't even communicate with entanglement because any change you make to an entangled particle breaks the entanglement. You can't just change one particle to send a message to the entangled particle, you would just change your particle while breaking the entanglement.

I love science fiction as much as the next guy, and it's fun to imagine humans FTLing all over the universe, but frankly it's just not going to happen unless we somehow discover a higher spacial dimension that lets us move in and out of space-time (read: magic)exactly Einstein  described this. and others. at the speed of light mass and time and space puts you in a higher dimension. we wouldn't even see it coming or going. as it passes through anomoly's would be apparent effects only speculated.That would be the normal rationalization of just a drug that makes you see stuff. But what people are reporting in studies and in the wild is that it isn't just hallucinations it is more, it is literally moving you from this dimension to another. It would be something like out of body, or astral projection kind of experience, and also NDE like experience. I haven't done it, but if they ever did another study I would be down for it, I want to meet the insects and the aliens. That was the interesting thing, different people would travel and meet the same thing, people that are unrelated - the equivelant of us both having the same dream. UFO have shown up there MULTIPLE TIMES over the past few decades. MOTHMAN has been seen up close by numerous people in Chicago. It may be a PORTAL between here and the ASTRAL DIMENSION.Prove the lower astral dimension exists before you suggest it's in Chicago &gt;Then again, why wouldn’t he just say that.

Because he means what he's saying. He's talking about lizard people. He's talking about a space in the core of the planet. He's talking about holographic clone celebrities, dimensional invasions, mind-clouding artificial realities, and whatever else was popular in the sci-fi genre a decade back.

The man just takes what's been readily available from any number of political commentators ranging decades to centuries back ("The powerful people want you kept in line, "Most the shit you're told is lies", "The people with power are playing a game where you're the pawn.) and slaps his reptilian/dimension/sci-fi nonsense on it.

Anything you can glean from his crap can be gotten elsewhere. He can use youtube api.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30190620/how-do-i-check-if-a-youtube-video-is-blocked-restricted-deleted

"contentDetails" and "regionRestriction"

&gt;"contentDetails": {
    "duration": string,
    "dimension": string,
    "definition": string,
    "caption": string,
    "licensedContent": boolean,
    "regionRestriction": {
      "allowed": [
        string
      ],
      "blocked": [
        string
      ]oh lawd. this don't mean a thing. all you are doing is explaining the science behind the **physical** properties and processes of how it is we are able to interact with things in the 3rd dimension.

you neither proved nor disproved anything. 

thanks for your input though. respect.yall on crack.

eye shape, eyebrow shape and color, dimple position and dimension, mouth shape, nose shape.

that's her.

I would. It fits the bill. Pilot gets in a machine and travels fifty years in one year. The only thing that is different is that there is an exchange. One must still experience time, just faster. And its a one way ticket. 

The real interesting realm of science fiction is going backwards in time. Which usually stories that have that kind of time travel are more about an ethereal universe, where time doesnt actually exist and is a dimension that can be sidestepped. Which makes sense if you try to imagine a 5th dimension.  A being born within the 4th dimension is straddled to the cap rules of the 4th dimension, but not constricted completely by the 1st, 2nd, or 3rd dimensions. So theoritically, a being born to the 5th dimension would abide by rules that supercede the previous ones but not completely. Meaning stepping through time in any direction could be possible. 

I would definitely say that i find the evidence lacking. But its just possible we dont know what to look for.&gt; We never thought TPTB would allow us free access to unlimited information... yet we now have the internet. This is very similar. And they have done anything BUT just "let this happen". They've fought it tooth and nail non-stop for the last 9 years.

Ok so the only point you made, other than grammar shaming me.

The internet is constantly being fought over and the freedom of information side is losing. 

Why do you think the centralized banks would relinquish control over money to the general population? In what dimension does this seem like a reasonable assumption?People need to understand that UFO and ALIENS are the ULTIMATE CONSPIRACY. Those who have done an incredible amount of research all come to the same conclusion: The Satanic Elite exist. They worship and work for PREDATORY ALIENS who are primarily based in the ASTRAL DIMENSION. Education, Careers and Retirement are important, but EVERYONE ends up in the same horrific spot at the end: ALL HUMANS have their MEMORIES ERASED and everyone is FORCED TO REINCARNATE. Earth is NOT A SCHOOL. This reality has been completely ENSLAVED...&gt; Would be great if some of you would clarify (or demolish) the possible avenues stated here. 

so my general impression is that einstein was wrong and tesla is more on the tip.  the way i'd go about doing it would be to figure out how to get a rapidly spinning heavy metallic magnetic ball levitated over a field.  spin it up.  then turn on other magnets to isolate its spin along a single axis, constrained in all other axes.  then turn on some more magnets to stop that spin.  the momentum would have to go somewhere.  if you understand the right hand rule and how gyro momentum spits out sidewayslike you'd be able to figure out how to arrange the magnet parts.  once the ball has its rotation controlled the remaining vectors should be moving in the time dimension.  and if the field strength is sufficient, those things within it should also move along with it.  that's how i'd approach designing this kind of machine. my go to for anything dimension related, cue carl sagan

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0WjV6MmCyMI like how everything he does becomes by definition "anti globalist". Everything he does is "anti globalist". Which "unfair" trade did he stop in your opinion? Which wars has he backed out? He upped Afghanistan troops, he massively upped military spending and tries to think about a war with North Korea. 

Leaves Paris agreement = anti globalists

Hires the entire Backing sector = antiglobalist

Nothing of what you said has anything to do with "anti-globalist" everything Trump does is mainly focused, in his very own opinion, on the US.  You merely construct his actions as anti-globalist while everything you don't like gets ignored.

&gt;8 of 10 richest congress creatures are Dims, if you want to hate on rich people. Limousine liberals, crying crocodile tears for the poor while hording wealth and living in gated mansions.

What does this have to do with anti-globalist Trump picking people who paid millions to him in campaign contributions and or people well entrenched in the global banking and oil sector. Looks like a dumb deflection to me. The irony here is certainly that Trump fans link monetary success to skill so per Trump logic the Dem senators should be vastly more capable, right?

So a straight-up question how is hiring the richest admisnistration ever including half of goldman sachs anti-globalist. How? In which dimension.

You guys literally create definitions of words after the fact. You couldn't even define what globalist is. If you would it would exactly be what Trump now does and not what you would have described two years ago. 

To my knowledge, he hasn't backed out on any trade deal. He scrapped a deal that wasn't even done.... . Why is he still in NAFTA?Exactly. They exist in another dimension essentially. All his shit flopped until he figured out  how to utilize the Russian oligarchs cash properly. And hook up with some hottie eastern block chicks while you’re at it, HEY! 👍🏼Exactly. They exist in another dimension essentially. All his shit flopped until he figured out  how to utilize the Russian oligarchs cash properly. And hook up with some hottie eastern block chicks while you’re at it, HEY! 👍🏼Not the west coast, southwest. The sound I heard that night changed my life. It was like it was from another dimension. 

I see these news stories about weird sounds in the skys, booms and people saying how strange they were and yet they stay where they are. 

After what I heard, I knew it was unearthly and I had no intention of sticking around to hear it again. I literally sold my home and nearly everything I owned and left the area. I researched to find places that had never reported any strange happenings. Now I do not thing about it very often except when I see stories online of similar incidents. And, I can say that now if it happened again where I moved then I would know I was meant to face it head-on. This is an exact description of my experience in 2013. It was unlike any sound I had ever heard or could imagine. It sounded "wrong." Just dreadful is a perfect description. Almost as if it was from another dimension. Looks like the recent one was just a meteor, but it leaves me wondering still about what it was before. :)Alright video, until like halfway. I realize many people have had dreams about the chip, and that's cool, but you should have put a disclaimer or a pop up at that point in the video that says something along the lines of:

"The next 6 mins (or whatever) is going to be re-occurring dreams from many people who believe to be in tune with a higher dimension/or some shit."I highly recommend reading the kybalion, the Ra Material (Law of One), and some study of Neoplatonic philosophy. I think the radio analogy of consciousness is helpful, we tune into the dimension we choose out of all the multitude of interdimensional frequencies available. Another analogy is the slideshow of dimensions we pass through that string together into a continuity of experience, when the slides don't line up we have a discontinuity of experience like the Mandela effect. You choose to tune into or put the next slide in, and there is limitless potential for what you may choose, you just may be choosing a reality in which you have less control or things are as whacky as I'm describing, and the moment you choose to accept that or open yourself to the possibility things begin to change. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmXU1XRhAB0

You can find this documentary on Gaia and a few other streaming services but it is on YouTube as well. I watched it and really enjoyed it.

"Crop circles: crossovers from another dimension - feature film"Not sure what alternate dimension you live in where you think Canada is like the USA at all. 

Your country has plenty of anti-white racism because its ultra leftist leadership is insane.

You also dont share a border with Mexico where drugs, criminal illegal aliens and guns flow freely.

And just in case you were wondering, we do have healthcare in the US as well. Thanks to Obamabullshitcare which tried to emulate the socialist welfare state model, my health care costs have more than doubled.
Because Nelson Mandela wrote the Bernstein Bears book in his dimension!Apex has dozens of these videos of "time travelers".  They claim to be from all number of years in the future - from 12 years to  a thousand years ahead.  The one thing a thinking person notices after watching a few - none of them tell the same story about how the future looks or what major events have happened.  You've got all these time travelers and none of them can agree on what the future is like. 

Now, there's a good excuse - they're from different dimensions where different things happened... This doesn't explain, however, why they don't just tell us "hey, can't tell you what's going to happen to you and your earth in this dimension because there are a lot of them and you can't forecast it.  Nope, they know exactly what is going to happen to us, yet they're all from different dimensions.  Remember, we're the common denominator. 

It's all click bait.  The whole "we're going to live on Mars" narrative is just fucking lazy.  Schiesters from the 1930s were saying the same fucking thing. Enlighten yourself and think beyond my friend let go of the human physical sense. Yah kids probably dont know the difference with gun fire. But if someone is driving and their a mile away, then they get within inches you not only can hear but feel that it's closer or further away. Your only using a defense of one dimension 'Ears'. In a dangerous situation your adreline heightens all of your senses research. Also they said it was an ar-15 shooting through objects not bouncing off .Thoughts on Hoia Baciu Fprest being a portal to another dimension? Aokigahara ghosts luring sad victims to commit suicide and most importantly is the found footage of the man lost in catacombs of paris hoax or real?SS: Skip to 1:35 of the video above, if you can't afford 2:30 seconds of your time. Robert Bigelow, a real estate mogul and founder of Bigelow Aerospace now in contract with Nasa, answers the question, "Do you imagine that in our space travels we will encounter other forms of intelligent life?" - He replies, "You don't have to go anywhere!" 

This implies that space doesn't need to be real in order for  'UFOs' or 'Aliens' to be real. Some folks believe UFOs/'Aliens' are demonic entities from an alternate dimension and are in contact with the TPTB or are being summoned by TPTB. I believe NASA, JAXA, SpaceX, and all other central bank owned 'space' organizations are buttering up the public for 'Alien' contact with their 'space' programs. Not to mention the Hollywood programming with regards to 'Aliens' and 'Space.' What are your thoughts?Interesting that string theory requires 11 dimensions,  and some of the Orion wars mythology says humans were made with some 11th dimension DNA.  Lots of 11s.The problem is that most people have no clue that there is deeper dimension of their own self than what their thought based intetpetation of reality tells and presents them. Often I get hostility and ridicule for speaking about what we are because most people are protecting what they think they are and they cant hear and dont want to hear what is said.You make a good point there mister. It's the aliens slipping through our dimension and it's the sound of the time space bubble popping the ship creates as it slips through.

MYSTERY SOLVEDCould be the Mandela Effect. Maybe happened in another timeline or dimension.  I think they were all trippin in the Pyramids. Chanting and shit. Probably every Sunday. Everyone takes water lilly tea and visits the alternate dimension. Both are true, actually.

What you say is true, but thats the one dimension of the whole matter. The geopolitical chess played through israel and all international politics, is, quite complex, sinister and fascinating.

I believe it... I have uncovered several "sigils" that have made me realize that some of these symbols/sigils really do have power and can effect you in some unknown way. I was playing around with something called "magic squares".... its basically like Sudoku where the lines all add up to the same, but you can connect the numbers in lines to form these sigils. After doing one and forgetting about it for few minitues I realized that I was feeling very hot, head tingly, and strange smell.... it freaked me out and I thought I was getting zapped by those microwave rays from cuba lol, so I left my room and it stopped. Realized it was the sigil and tore up the paper. 

The interesting thing about them is that I';m sure its easy to hide in pictures and video clips, esp because it can be encoded with numbers as well as shapes. I wouldn't be surprised if some logos in magazines used them in some way, or possibly signatures. Another thing to look out for is strange hummm sounds in videos, people can put in theta waves that make your brain more receptive to ideas.... I think people sneak these in to propaganda type videos. 

And on a more sci-fi level.... I have a personal theory that cern/quantum computers have basically made it possible for group consciousness, and this recent spike in scare tactics, kek or trump shit is all to get people to think a certain way which could make an idea turn into reality, shifting us into a dimension where things like ufos or a tsunami is more possible. Something like that. 

I also think apple iphones are warping peoples brains. I have noticed my friends and family members with iphones have been acting odd in past 2 yrs or so, more distant less empathetic and easily brainwashed by media. People say the quartz crystals used in these phones form a link with us and possibly open up a communication channel of sorts. I see what you're saying, but the building did collapse like that, I mean when it fell straight down into itself, it didn't fall into another dimension, the spaces between the solid layers of concret it the only place for the solid material to go...It’s all fake news, the globalist are here and the intergalactic space pedophile vampires are leaving the 2nd dimension and coming for us. It's pretty good. Follows a lot of tropes and cliches, but entertaining none the less. Back around 2015/16, there were a lot of theories that CERN in their experiments could throw our dimension out of whack, merge with parallel dimensions, etc., so it was fun to watch JJ play with that idea. And it somewhat ties in with the 2008 movie which I really liked and I have been waiting a long time for a sequel. You could argue that catastrophic events and just things in general get distorted in a game of telephone.  But the dimension stuff is referring to the new addition to the series that released yesterday right after the Superbowl. 

It's another good example of knowing about knowing human behavior and using that to your advantage in selling a product really.   I'm familiar with overtones, my question was more about what the hell 'harmonic overtones of our dimension' are supposed to be. That sounds like pseudo-scientific mumbo jumbo to me. Thanks for answering, though.Do they all go to the same dimension or different dimensions?Vehicles traveling through "space-time and dimension" In ways so basic we cannot perceive them; we must first break our conception of the construct. 
 Sorry for being snarky. I've been having a shitty day. Not feeling well, didn't sleep last night and have been at work the last nine hours. (Which is why I didn't respond earlier or properly. The video is certainly cool, you should check out this VSauce video on this very topic, I think you'd like it  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg) 

I understand what you're saying. But beyond cool I fail to see the significance of how planets, asteroids, comets and all the other celestial object orbiting our sun move through the universe. 

It's not even perfectly helical. You have to consider the perturbances that each planet has on each other and the possible perturbances caused by nearby passing stars. These will change the orbits slightly and make them imperfect. 

My other issue is that if you look at any object in the sky for long enough and you'll notice a pattern emerge. Sometimes there are patterns within patterns. It's just the nature of the universe. Patterns form over time. It happens. 

Also, it's not a double helix created by the planets. There's 8 planets so that's 8 helices. Plus the thousands of other helices being creates by all the other objects orbiting the sun. There's nothing inherently special about the helix. I'm not aware of any research into why it's a good shape for DNA but I'm sure it's out there. 

The universe naturally tends towards the easiest solution, it requires less energy, so without an outside injection of energy, systems, whether it's DNA or the orbits of celestial objects, will naturally find an equilibrium and form an eventual pattern. We see it everywhere.  Biology, weather, astronomy, at the atomic level, hell, even our own behaviour and the systems we create produce patterns given enough time. 

So I get you. I just don't buy it. And you're still using terms like dimension and measurement wrong. 

If you haven't, I do recommend going and learning some calculus and then from there physics and engineering. All of these things you talk about are simple mathematically expressible models. These models are far from accurate but they conform to patterns, just like the universe. It's why maths is so useful in describing almost everything. 

Now I would be interested in hearing why you think any of this proves anything other than humans are fierce pattern recognition machines, and what that conclusion might be. 

Another name for the dimension of spirits that exists in the same space as ours. If you can see the static on the walls, you can get an idea of how it bleeds into our reality Oh yeah, mandela effect, let me put it straight. Said people decided to look at life like paintings inside the temple of walls of antarctica, collectively, many powerful, people, with the control of the media to release similar content in the media reinforcing the fact that it's there. Next, we have those black walls, (i love the round thingeys) that are impermeable to radar, sonar, infrared, x ray, any electronic devices in general. Human consciousness is very unique and can exist at multi dimensions... Even with the observer effect we see that if it is not observed it is uncertain, but when observed it becomes absolute. So essentially, by solving very complex puzzles that require you to LOOK at ALOT of different points on earths histories and locations, it essentially timelocks everyone to the point of revelations. That big planet in the sky is a tank, for the fish they caught online. 

So essentially some time can be altered, great, some tiny miniscule events can be altered without the intervention of people I don't even want to mess with, because they will fix it ANY way they can, or try to protect themselves for the suffering of others, not my problem. 

My problem is that one motherfucker hiding under the surface of antarctica or wherever the bible said he was, he will come out and make you worship him and shit and you guys can do that fine, but all he is looking for is things to burn for his illusion in a hellish dimension which we created for sadist, psychopathic fucks. My job, is to break the machine, since the beginning of time itself despite my lack of knowledge of how much I may have caused since the beginning of time itself. That itself is a gift from God, but the spirit remains the same every fucking time, fack. I would like these machines or sadists to realize they are brooms with the handles replaced many many times, and somehow you stuffed a bit of humanity inside yourselves to feel like everyone else but you are really not. Out of 13.5 billion years you don't think advanced aliens know how to really work the machine until it explodes for the rest of time to create energy for the heaven for the people you made suffer? Your infliction of hell for 80 years or less is incomparable to the rest of time itself. Your are all just literal batteries. You are just a clockwork droid hellbent on making others suffer for the rest of time itself while someone with a real consciousness has to make a big decision for God's greater good. (Not freemasonry, this church is described in revelations and prophecies as the greatest evil in the world right now. Good job guys!) What defines a species is HOW much VALUE you place on a SENTIENT life form, so think of revelations like chemotherapy, except the many cancers/virus' of this world are going to have a lot of a worse time based on the data we have gathered. 

Just a messenger, and possibly a future glorious antarctic monster fighter but hey, what's the universe if you can't inflict ancient polar good and positive life experiences on as many sentient beings as you can, just do your best. 

Here is an analogy for you controllers and bots and people just doing your job...

Think league of legends, there are champions and minions. By eliminating the other teams minions, you get rewarded with new equipment etc. But the real direction of the game is determined by the champions who exist on a completely different level. The minions, though if the champions get bored get attacked by their mana costing abilities but hey abilities look cool don't they? That's the whole reality everyone's in. Lovely isn't it? 

Imagine if we used abilities on you because of small shit we did, that would be childish.
Remember what ancient roman and greek mythology said about the demigods or "gods" themselves? They said they were childish. Beats me, maybe stories are stories or very altered forgotten memories. Fuck with God and you will get the full force of his hammer of judgement. Time being the 4th dimension creates a new area of measurement.  You are failing to grasp what I am saying, this is not due to my lack of understanding. 

Instead of intentionally trying to argue and put me down. Let me try and explain this.

Time being the 4th dimension means all of time laid out for  physical viewing would expose that planets create double helixes while orbiting the sun. 

I can tell you are just trying to argue because I provided a video clearly showing what I was trying to explain Pretty sure that's from this doc I saw a while back... really interesting and compelling indeed URL_REPLACEDHahaha yes real world stopped watch scenario.

Here it is. 

&gt;I didn't see that on when I looked. I went back 16 hours to match the timestamp. That was posted 22 hours. My bad.


He did not take into account the 4th dimension is one directional and always movingIf you are in the twilight zone I am in a completely different dimension controlled by clones, controlled by a headset that is controlled by more clones, controlled by a self projected hologram that is controlled by the real me. 

LolDon't entertain commies. People like this live in their own dimension. I have seen Chester and Kurt (also Layne Staley and Bradley Nowell) briefly in the Astral Afterlife. The are deceased in our dimension.Because Alex would just say crazy shit without backing it up.

Like

**Alex Jones**: "The sky would open up and a vagina from the 6th dimension"

**Joe**: Wait, what?!?&gt;Not too long ago someone posted a link to a document in the CIA's official government website library. It is the overview of their investigation of the Monroe Institute's Gateway Experience. For those who have not heard of the Monroe Institute, they were an organization dedicated to exploring astral projection and mapping put the world one can access through this practice. They developed a method for synchronizing brain activity between the two hemispheres in order to help induce this altered state of consciousness that they named Hemisync, which can be bought from them or "downloaded". From what I can tell in their effort to essentially weaponize astral projection the CIA ended up having a reverse Event Horizon experience where they discovered the astral plane in its entirety and discovered many things in the process. The document goes over such subjects as the toroidal nature of our universe and how it explains cosmic inflation, how human consciousness functions, how astral projection actually works, and details on the astral plane itself all from a scientific perspective. The big thing to stand out though is something that they call the Absolute, which they say they found at the end of all the astral dimensions. It is described as having no beginning, no end, no locality, and as infinite conscious energy at rest. It permeates every instance of time and space, existing everywhere and everywhen at once. If that isn't God I don't know what is. 

&gt;Read and decide for yourself: https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00788R001700210016-5.pdf

&gt;For those with shorter attention spans, the first mention of the Absolute is in the section titled "The Time Space Dimension". I would highly recommend reading it in its entirety however, as you miss crucial info otherwise.

Absolutely, we have only been looking at one dimension until now, but like you say the GMO crop itself even without herbicide is a huge dangerToday I learned that in this sub it is better to talk about higher dimension portals between the earth and the sun than talk about a conspiracy to trick us into a major war.He exists in another dimension and wonders into this one on occasion to spook hikers and gather nuts and berries."The main thing that I learned about conspiracy theories is that conspiracy theorists actually believe in the conspiracy because that is more comforting. The truth of the world is that it is chaotic. The truth is, that it is not the Jewish banking conspiracy, or the grey aliens, or the twelve-foot reptiloids from another dimension that are in control, the truth is far more frightening; no-one is in control, the world is rudderless."

-Alan MooreHas conspiracy sunken to the level where we try and hunt down dissenters against the glorious government? It's like I've entered some kind of mirror dimensionI'd like to edit this though, I don't necessarily mean literally in this dimension, I mean literally in the metaphysicalAstral projection takes meditation and practice. You can start any time really. There are herbs that aid in doing as such.

Dimethyl triptamine(DMT) when smoked in its crystalline form has provided people with curious enough experiences in possible other dimension interacting with beings and objects there that one person wants to create a medical device to prolong/intensify the experience through constant intravenous dosing in order to investigate it. Crystalline DMT when smoked only lasts 13 or so minutes, so you don’t get to experience that stuff for long. 

Ayahuasca(DMT taken orally as tea after consuming a maoi inhibitor) provides the longest experience with dmt but also doesn’t seem to have that inter-dimensional push. 

Really interesting subject, check out info and experience reports on URL_REPLACEDWell if you closed your bedroom door.. to you your entire house is in the 4th dimension. It’s outside of your 3D space. 

We are on a 3D planet. Our solar system is outside of our dimension in saying we can’t see it but know it’s there.. and it’s way larger and we are just a small peanut comparatively speaking. 

Like being inside of a cubed room and walking out the door into a larger cube that’s inside of a larger cube.. those are all represented dimensions of space. I came across this (in Youtube comment section out of all places) and it sorta blew my mind as it summarised all the theories/ideas I've been having about human existence. 

&gt; LIFE PROCESS:
&gt; 
&gt; Soul = Fifth dimension
&gt; 
&gt; Mind = Fourth dimension
&gt; 
&gt; Body = Third dimension
&gt; 
&gt; The mind is the bridge between your physical perception and your Higher Self:
&gt; 
&gt; To be one with your Higher Self, you gotta be out of your mind. (like in meditation, you try to connect to your body and your higher self by quietening you mind)
&gt; 
&gt; All starts from the Perception = Feeling
&gt; 
&gt; From the Perception, you create new Thought = Imagination

&gt; From the Thought, you create your Reality = Manifestation
&gt; 
&gt; The way to mastering Instant Manifestation is to be one with your soul.
&gt; You cannot avoid your mind, you cannot avoid your Ego.
&gt; You can only embrace all there is as oneness and be mindful.
&gt; For once you enter the fifth dimension, you're sure to be embraced with one unconditional love with all the elements and bodies.
&gt; You're called and known as a multidimensional being.
&gt; This is where your real life begins and the very purpose of each human being lies.
&gt; 


TLDR: You already exist in and have access to multiple dimensions. But it does require discipline/training or one may take a short cut for a temporary glimpse with psychedelic drugs. This is the reason why we are oppressed, deceived and manipulated. We're much more powerful than we're made to believe.Released at 7:31?

These people are maniacs and neck deep in the esoteric, check it:

7:31 reversed is 137, the 33rd prime, Pythagorean prime, Chen prime, Einstein prime, the golden angle when using 2 radii to divide a circle according to a the golden ratio, the inverse of the fine structure constant of the universe, the approximate age of the universe (13.7 billion years), the number of atoms in a chlorophyll molecule, the Gematria value of the word Kabbalah, symbolically it is the threshold between the physical dimension and the utterly spiritual dimension, in other words, at the boundary line of the physical world, the number 137 emerges.

These people are lunatics obsessed with this stuff, and especially this number.  The things mentioned here are the tip of the iceberg (Wikipedia actually has a decent rabbit hole for it).  Just felt it was too synchronous to let die quietly without mentioning.My theory on Bigfoot, Yeti and the like, is that sometimes creatures from parallel realities are seen briefly as their dimension “bleeds” into ours. Hence why there are never any remains found. Who are these guys? You are here or do you think you live in another dimension to the rest of us?

How odd.We're all very evil in a parallel dimension, and sometimes there's a dimensional drift...He also says 'I do know who the boss is'. Earth is under control by dark forces and we all have free will so we can be tempted by said dark forces. If you live your life negatively, you will enter a lower dimension whereas is you live positively you will advance to a higher dimension. The lower dimensions are where hurtful feelings like anger, pain and jealousy manifest and thrive and the higher dimensions are full of love and good feelings. 'Gods' chosen people are in control of the financial system, meaning they control the 'reality' of the world. They communicate with dark forces and manifest in reality what these dark forces are asking and they spread fear and hatred amongst the world which passes down into each of us through wars and fear mongering.  I thought my socks were finding a wormhole into another dimension in the dryer.

Turns out..the wormhole is in the washer.Everything is a conspiracy except Christianity, a relatively new religion based on much older stories. The original reboot.

Are you saying you don't believe you can communicate telepathically with a mind reading energy being who lives in another dimension, that created a human deity hybrid that magically erases negative energy by temporarily dying and then respawning?

Just to be safe, you better not masturbate, he's watching.There are definitely things we cannot perceive as regular humans. It is plausible. However, I think of it more as an overlapping dimension that is firmly separated from us but that they have the knowledge to crossover. Something like the astral plane I guess.No one really. I find most of the YT groups really boring &amp; pointless.

I've watched a bit of Santos, but Dan Dimension made what I think is the FE video (or two) of the year. Steve Torrence is good, Rob Durham is really good. What is Hollywood? A facade...2d Technicolor alternate dimension in which curious/attn starved souls are unwittingly trapped. Not only is it a surrogate parent, also a surrogate authority figure, teacher, mentor, savior and arch enemy. Every opinion we now form has been filtered thru the mechanism of infotainment programming. Storytelling transitions discrete drones into cooperative communities. Hijacking that function of biology is every psychopaths single driving force.In the 5th dimension? It's the 5th dimension, isn't it?https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_%28Star_Trek%29

&gt; Q is a fictional character in Star Trek appearing in the Next Generation, Deep Space Nine, and Voyager series, as well as in related media. In all of these programs, he is portrayed by John de Lancie. He is an extra-dimensional being of unknown origin who is unconstrained by, and possesses immeasurable power over, normal human notions of time, space, the laws of physics, and even reality itself, being capable of violating or altering any or all of them in unpredictable ways with a casual thought or hand gesture, limited only by his imagination. Despite his vast knowledge and experience spanning untold eons (and much to the exasperation of the object(s) of his obsession), he is not above practical jokes for his own personal amusement, for some otherwise unfathomably Machiavellian and manipulative purpose, or simply to prove a point. He is said to be nigh-omnipotent, and he is continually evasive regarding his true motivations.

&gt; The name "Q" applies not only to the names of the individuals portrayed (all "male" and "female" characters refer to each other as "Q"), it also applies to the name of their race and to the Q Continuum itself – an alternate dimension accessible to only the Q and their "invited" guests. The true nature of the realm is said to be beyond the comprehension of "lesser beings" such as humans, therefore it is shown to humans only in ways they can understand.&gt;Well again, its a silly experiment. The distance different obviously plays a factor. And though it is technically a 3d object, letters on a chart, and even the chart itself has so little of one dimension that most people will usually call it a 2d object. Its a much different scenario than gazing out at an obvious 3d object at a distance.     

&gt;If there are no trees or buildings, then there is no benefit to high elevation.       

I honestly don't know how you could honestly believe that...thats a borderline straw man argument seeing as there is always going to be trees, buildings or some other obstruction...but even if there wasn't, the higher you got, you would be able to see your field of view increasing. One has a different point of view at different elevations. Anyone who has ever looked from the same horizontal distance at a low and high elevation will confirm this.     


I feel like this has got a bit off topic so I am gonna close by again encouraging you to perform the experiment detailed in my conversation links for yourself.    
      

Take care o/



So many possibilities:  
* Were wiped out by a cataclysmic event.   
* Left the planet (perhaps even the galaxy or dimension).   
* Decided to stop reproducing.  
* Were only visiting the planet to being with.  
* Created things on this planet for humans (or others) remotely; they themselves existing somewhere else, on a different scale or in a different dimension.  
* ...The upside down?

Parallel universe maybe but considering it was kinda like a silent hill type universe Idk. Tbh it could just be another dimension. 

Tbh leaning towards another dimension because a universe would entail difference results. Cloaked spacecraft in an adjacent dimension fighting over the negative energy spigot called Earth.its all about procedures you enact in order to process information. from my perspective that is what a dimension is - a way of integrating information streams so that you identify and render a field structure so that you can sync with a surface condition and live there.

that is what this (physical) world is - it's all just a surface condition.
atomic and molecular and subatomic crystalline matrix.

if you want to merge with another surface condition (rendered field structure) that is off ecliptic vis a vis your own all you have to do (and perhaps all you can do) is reconfigure the way you process inbound information streams. your tech does this too, you build a technological infrastructure (which is really just an extension of your own neurological processes or modalities or strategies) that matches your own information processing strategy.
that is why we need a 'dominant' narrative so that we can all be singing off the same hymn sheet.

thats what the whole XYZ coordinate system is about. and the interpretation of the golden section that pythagoras and all those boys designed into the concept of a circle..

but the planet earth and the solar system with which it travels is RIGHT NOW exiting a magnetic field cloud in space that to MY MIND is a 90degree XYZ system and we are going into what astronomers are calling 'free space'.. its a different condition of magnetism and for ME PERSONALLY i am no longer using XYZ square coordinate system but shifting to a flexible system that does not use XYZ nut XN

make any sense to anybody??Methink there are a few different forces operating / influencing our wavelength from a dimension beneath us (as some would interpret as "underground" or in the hollow earth). I get the sense that these forces have been in intense conflict lately, as if perhaps mimicked on our wavelength.

I think it began due to benevolent Greys deciding to end a peace agreement with reptilians. I believe this happened due to a rogue element of Greys collaborating with reptilians to, in the view of benevolent Greys, negatively effect humanity.

It was understood amongst these forces that our dimension was to be maintained for the purpose of observation. I think that's our whole purpose- to be observed. We are created from whatever they were created from. They wish to learn about themselves so we're the experiment in the vacuum teaching them of us.

Both sides realized soon in this experiment that we are more than lab rats, we are actually the original creators. Reptilians reacted to this by wanting to destroy us- knowing that due to our potential we may end up destroying them. Some Greys agree- hence the  rogue element. Most Greys reacted to this knowledge by wanting to support us , protect us. 

The reptiles couldn't overtly destroy us for they would be outted instantly. Therefore they had to corrupt the experiment- if u will- hence the few reptiles u mentioned disguised as humans. They felt that if they could make their sabotage look like the act of humans, the Greys would rethink their original conclusion and support our destruction.

The truth was revealed, and now it's been war.

:) An underground civil war between the reptilians and the Greys in the hollow earth dimension


Or like old water pipes bursting The CIA/Jewish-Mafia doesn't want everyone to know they're watching you like the Ceiling Cat do a lot more than just masturbate.  From their perch in a higher dimension they know the thoughts of your heart.&gt; its on them to abandon that system

The illuminati erased from their cattles' memory David vs. Goliath 1967, aka Six Day War.  
In the process, the Israel traitors, the most important illuminati agents in the destruction of Israel, can now afford to even forget about it to this very day.   
The illuminati could not rewrite the facts in one generation. It was a war that involved too many countries, the dimension of the victory of David was unprecedented in History.  
No wonder, that victory was a milestone in the History of End Times.  
So the illuminati just erased it from the memory of their sheep, by keeping silent about it.  
Especially important in Israel, as the illuminati gave back the Sinai 20 years ago, the milestone setting the foundations for the new process, the destruction of Israel. 

&gt; They've been kicked out of every country they've been in for a reason.

Reminder:  
**2015 May: Illuminati mystified by how against all odds Israel was not yet destroyed**
October 20, 2011, Libya - Gaddafi, first illuminati agent playing head of state to be executed in this millennium, immediately after his arrest.  
2012 - illuminazi agent Morsi paraded in Germany by Hitler's younger daughter Angela months after denying the holocaust and promising to make Jerusalem the new capital of Egypt.  
Yet one year later 30 million Egyptians in the streets forced the illuminati to replace the puppet and temporarily change the rhetoric.

**How mystifying is this for the illuminati?**   
As much as:  
1. The creation of Israel against all odds and only 3 years after Illuminati Grand Master Hitler failed to complete the holocaust of the Jews.

2. Israel's military victories against the aggression of the surrounding states in 4 wars, before finally the illuminati infiltrators took control of Israel gov, 1975.

At this point the destruction of Israel was no longer a question of how but only of when.  
3. Spring 2011: all pieces are in place to finally destroy Israel, from Egypt to Turkey.  
Iran loudly promises to wipe Israel off the map with "thousands of rockets pointed at Telaviv", "experts warn that Iran might have already nuclear bombs".  
But it's Assad in Syria who has the real deal, what everyone keeps silence about, starting with the Israeli traitors: one of the world's largest arsenals of chemical weapons.  
That's when illuminati watch in disbelief the start of the Arab Spring.  
At the end of the day Assad's arsenal was exposed by the real World War III coming to Syria: nazi puppet governments resorting to bomb its own civilians with barrel bombs, chlorine and choke gas.  
As for the treasonous Israeli nazi puppet government, they just keep totally silent about it, so the Jewish cattle won't add 1+1.   

&gt; The US has welcomed them  

The US/NATO "govs" are illuminati puppet governments actively participating in the "destruction of Israel" agenda, despite what the totally controlled media and web of disinformation propagate.  
To understand that fact, all it takes is to remember that the illuminati (NATziO &amp; Co.) supplied Assad with one of the world's largest arsenals of chemical weapons (and Iran with long range missiles) to wipe Israel off the map.

&gt; they're destroying it from the inside out  

Correct, TRAITORS are illuminati's most important weapon.  
This includes the treasonous Israeli "gov", not to mention Iran/Russia/"US led coalition" &amp; Co.it was actually both a physical plan to boost military and economic rearrangement and a mass sacrifice with the intent of inflicting the most spiritual and emotionally traumatic damage on the witnesses and the collective consciousness. 

http://noosphere.princeton.edu/911formal.html

it literally scarred space time in this dimension and others. some have asserted that it was a timeline jump as well.Very interesting stuff. I have watched a little of Bentov's videos on YT but have not read the book. I have done a lot of study of frequencies and their affects. I am a luthier, so the study of frequencies is a natural outgrowth of my work. It has led me down a rabbit hole that is quite fascinating. There was a post about a project done by the CIA or one of the IC's about the nature of reality and how to transcend our reality. There was talk of the "Plank's distance". That distance was described as the distance a particle travels during its transitional phase at the extremes of it's vibrational frequency. During a particles' vibrations, it has to change direction twice during each cycle, during which it is essentially still and thus outside of our perceivable realm. They were developing or had developed a means of attaining this state so as to effectively transcend this dimension into other dimensions for the purposes of time travel, ESP, etc. 
Love your username. I play guitar and have been looking into the 432 tuning. Can you give me any info? or where to go to find out more. I have looked at a lot of YT videos and such, but most of the videos just analyze the 432 hz vs the 440 hz concert pitch. Can't find any that actually delve into playing music with the 432 hz basis.&gt; In terms of policy, how has Trump at all questioned the status quo.

Swamp = Globalism, Rothschilds/Soros, Central Banking/Fiat System via IMF/CFR/Tri-Lateral Commission, MIC/FBI/CIA, Cultural Marxism/Kalgeri Plan/Forced Diversity, the new German Speech Censorship rules, and it continues from there.

If Trumpo was el swampo, he would of never rejected TPP + Paris Agreement.

Also the tax cut to corporations has a bunch of corporations making plans to bring their businesses back here and China, Germany, Other nations are freaking the fuck out right now:

https://global.handelsblatt.com/politics/germans-fear-huge-loss-of-jobs-from-us-tax-reform-865577?bfa9

&gt;“The tax competition will have a new dimension,” said Christoph Spengel, chairman of the corporate tax department at the University of Mannheim. Mr. Spengel, who is also a research associate at the Center for European Economic Research, and a group of tax experts at the university have done a detailed comparison of the two countries’ tax systems and published a report under the heading, “Germany loses out in US tax reform.”

&gt;Clemens Fuest, who heads the Ifo economic think tank, also said he believed German business would suffer. “Investments and jobs will migrate to the US,” he said.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/beijing-develops-plan-to-counter-trump-tax-overhaul-1513012363

&gt;BEIJING—As the U.S. prepares to take China to task over trade imbalances, economic mandarins in Beijing are focusing on a potentially more immediate threat from Washington—Donald Trump’s tax overhaul.

&gt;In the Beijing leadership compound of Zhongnanhai, officials are putting in place a contingency plan to combat consequences for China of U.S. tax changes as well as expected interest-rate increases by the Federal Reserve, according to people with knowledge of the matter. What they fear is a double whammy sapping money out of...

If Trump was swamp, he would toe the line with Globalists and continue to allow the U.S. economy to get fucked over as it was under Obama and prior Presidents.

But yeah, drumpf is legit swamp! /sI found this post earlier, and started to chime in to debate with the NASA fanboys, then one of them proposed the question to show him a working flat earth map. 

This got me looking to see if anybody has improved on that, b/c the "AE map" that is the most popular among flat earthers has flaws- and he probably knows it, which is why they ask for a working model.

This of course doesn't prove the oblate spheroid earth, b/c the problems with it is what got a lot of us into seriously considering this theory to begin with. 

The fact is both models have major flaws. As much as I don't like Flat Earth Asshole, (b/c he is an annoying AF asshole) he has that broken record point of the AE model not working. He doesn't provide anything more to counter point, or bring anything productive to the table in place though.

All this/these anomalies are what keep me running back to your simulation theory point of this post. Either the entire world/our paradigm is a simulation, or the sun, moon, and sky are simulations. Or there are multiple suns.

I recently saw as of today that there are people like Darren Nesbit proposing that there is possibly a fourth dimension spacetime loop of the sky, which from what I gather basically means it is its own simulation, so to speak, so we don't have to be "NPC's," in someone else's video game.

That theory could explain how the day times work in every time zone, how the sky is a repeatable cycle, how the sun moves on every continent, and all of the anomalies that can't be explained 100% on either sphere earth, or AE flat earth model.

The portal could’ve been to a higher (heaven-ish), lower (hell-ish) or parallel (alternate-ish) dimension, either/or. But judging by some of the both private and public going’s on at CERN... I’m not getting an “enlightenment” meta world peace vibe from them. Yes, first of all: your soul, or rather everyone's soul is immortal. 
Don't quit on me yet. 
Everyone is in this life to learn certain lessons from life (for example: to love deeper, to be able to let loved ones go free, to put other beings before things, etc.). So your soul enters your body upon birth like a driver entering a car. You yourself have chosen exactly this time to experience life in the third dimension under the given circumstances. When your earthly body dies your soul will go back to the astral plane to review experiences, recover and choose another point of incarnation to either learn new lessons, or if you failed to learn the lessons presented to you, repeat the same lessons. You forget everything about this at birth because it is important that understanding comes from within, so in order for you to learn your lessons you have to come up with the solutions without external influences. So usually when you see yourself constantly confronted with one kind of problem, this is most probably your lesson for this incarnation, and you will face this same kind of problem until you deal with it and then it will magically vanish and you will receive other problems. I hope you are still with me.
During your evolution and all actions you take, you can choose between two polarities: service to self(exploit other beings to raise your power/status/whatever) or service to others without expecting anything in return. Everything you do drives you towards one of the polarities. In certain timeframes there is a harvest for souls occurring where everyone gets evaluated in terms of their polarity, in order to advance to the next dimension. 
You have to be 95% negative, so really selfish and exploiting towards others, to advance into the next negative dimension, or 51% positive to enter the next positive dimension. If you are somewhere in-between you will stay in third dimension and have to continue lessons there. 
According to various messages this time is upon us somewhere from 100 to 700 years in time. Since the harvest is meant to be very fruitful, things start to escalate more, so as many people as possible get driven towards any polarity.

So here comes the conspiracy: If you are negatively oriented and want to be more and more oriented in that direction you come up with ways to exploit other beings better, most importantly a system of money, government, you name it. Everything that enables power over others is a means to increase your negative polarity, and by promoting consumer mentality you drive people to head towards negative polarity themselves to gain more money / power. And all the other conspiracies you see all around you, are a direct result of this chase of polarity. And if you already made it to fourth or fifth dimension negative you might deem it worthwhile to enslave populations of other planets (for example earth) and promote the negative ways, so you can further increase your negative polarity.I thought about that too, the experience feels as real as it can get. So I wondered for while in awe after the trip was over, did I just met real entities in another dimension or are the entities a manifestation of my higher self? (actually I'm still wondering, my Mulder says "yes" my Scully says "No", well oké, Scully wouldn't believe in a higher self but I'm starting to ramble) Maybe my higher self knows certain life experiences in advance and trough the drug I can make contact with it and it informs me in the form of the elves. 

On a good dose of mushrooms I often have conversations with some form of intelligence (although not in the form of an entity, more a guiding energy) that I see as a manifestation of my higher self, it guides me trough the trip and gives me directions and solutions for problems in life. It could be that the elves are a more extreme version of communication with my higher self and is more able to transcend information across time and space. True. But the grammar, using all caps, duration of the terror coincidentally being very close to the flight time of an NK ICBM; everything looks like the goal was to shock and terrorise people as much as possible. Mass Behavioral conditioning by associating terrifying near-death experience with ICBM alert or just an unprecedented coincidence? People of Hawaii will never be able to take any text regarding ICBM lightly ever again after todays experience, why the point of this added dimension?

Also, Hawaiians ate used to getting tsunami warnings, maybe that's why it was important to shock them as much as possible, else many of them will ignore the next one.

I'd change dimension to realm.  We know what dimensions are and they aren't portals to other realities.  A realm however, another reality, that is what we really mean when we say, "into another dimension".&gt;40 years has something to do with the harmonic overtones of our dimension.

Please elaborate.according to a human/pleiadian coalition known as the Galactic Federation of Light, theres currently a war going on between draconian beings from the fifth dimension and lyrans from an even higher dimension.... join the private facebook group of the same name; even if you think its all a load of horse shit, the people posting in the group have some CRAZY ideas.What a horribly written sentence.

It's a theoretical concept not a proven fact.  It supposedly shows that the 4th dimension is real but then the writer makes the leap in logic to say "where one can move backwards and forward in time".  Why? How? On what basis does the writer make this claim?  Oh that's right on one of Einstein's theories.

I mean it's already possible to time travel.  I don't know the math but I do believe it's already been proven mathematically.  

I'll explain:  
As some person, place, or thing (we'll call it person A) approaches the speed of light time slows down - but here's the important part....relatively.  What does that mean?  It slows down relative to another person, place, or thing (we'll call that person B) that is moving at speed slower than person A.  

Person B acts as a point of reference from which to measure time but that doesn't mean that Person A isn't also a point of reference.  From the point of reference of Person A, time progresses the exact same way it always has and only after returning to Person B will Person A see that time has indeed moved at different speeds for both.  If there is a 3rd person moving with Person A (we'll call that Person C) - person A and C will experience normal time passing between them...no change.  It's only when it's related to a different reference point (person B) that things are indeed quite different.

So Einstein says that space and time are related and intricately locked in something called space-time.  But that's just a goofy thing to talk about.Hahaha! For my own belief it definitely does. Everyone should try it to see for themselves. I have even spoken with entities and existed in another dimension. I walked around a sort of "town" met "people" saw dragons, hawks with human eyes. You name it. In an animated n-dimension fractal network yes I have unfounded faith that it could be seen (although again yet mostly undiscovered..) that certain cellular automata may be both self similar and auto/proto Genesis (or whatever the term is) capable.

Back to the sim-in-yo-sim argument this leads to an interesting situation where Satan the badguy could both be our “god” but also not “god god” at the same time and could be one explanation for the war of sovereignty.

And so whatever scientific angle or philosophical speculation read spiritual book you come from I think we get very near the bottom of our story with a final notation that DNA which is essentially a biochemical programming language made from atoms made from quanta made from vibrating strings of electricity which allow us to once again circle full loop but in the other direction to lead us right back to a quantoelectric computer.

Frankly and admittedly to ignore a wide array of details in this discussion, the overall theory.. this is good enough for me and nearly explains all three pillars of existence pretty neatly in a simple manner which is itself an intriguingly strong signal imho.It is life changing. But how does one talk about another dimension, talks with other intelligences, etc? Imagine wanting to know about love/sex without ever having felt sexual, it is very difficult to English this.

There are many books and sites that will help you out there.Have a look at URL_REPLACED

This literally means "A heart for children".

Do you think this is a pedo t shirt?Lol maybe they actually were onto something, ever since doing the 2 cups method last year I gradually noticed the world just seemed like a much shittier place than before, but that could just be chalked up to preferring to hear the truth more often. But the reason I had done the 2 cups method for did actually work, and I rememeber there were people on that sub always claiming to have noticed the numbers on the banner changing after "jumping" dimension..That is trans dimension travel or some shit. Btw I'm not serious just a Star trek fanA quality is way of being, a quantity is a thing. God is quality of a rose, not the rose itself. The rose is the quantity; it has a fixed number of petals, thorns, leaves length of stem, etc., but inside the experience, the fragrance, the life essence, is where you will find God. A living rose and a dead rose have the same chemical composition, but one gives off a scent and the other does not. You can explain it away with physical properties until the cows come home, but the subjective experience of that rose, you're correct, can't be fully explained in one word. **All** the words won't do.  
  
As a kid I used to wonder why, if God was in the sky, you couldn't see him. Invisible, in another dimension, somewhere in space; they sufficed for the time at the time, but were all wrong. Recently, I realized it's because the sky is everywhere. It stops neither at your skin, nor the ionosphere, nor the ground.  
  
Searching for God is chasing your tail. The very act pushes it away.They are from the Astral Dimension but can change their vibrational rate and enter into, or leave this dimension.While Venebles should rot in a cell for the rest of his life, i'm not buying this 'expose' of Venebles by the op. R1ck3o poss some images of someone he claims to be Venebles, but offers no proof and then claims Venebles was working in Warrington in a pizza outlet.

No way would Venebles be so close to Liverpool where he killed that little boy, and no way would he be working in a pizza outlet where he could easily come into contact with James Bulgers parents / family.

Story does not add up.

Secondly, R1ck3o provides no proof that those images are Venebles, and in presenting them that way he is putting people who may look like whoever-it-is in those photo's in danger.

Yes, Venebles is a monster who deserves never to see the light of day again, i'm sure few would argue differently - but this amateur vigilante-ism is not the way to go.

It's the same with Maxine Carr - R1ck3o offers zero proof of the claims he makes. And, so what if Carr is working with vulnerable women - she is in fact in an ideal place to help vulnerable women as she has been where they are, in a bullying relationship living with a monster. Who better to help women than a woman who has been a victim herself?

R1ck3o's request for donations to fight legal costs that may ensue from his unsubstantiated claims adds another dimension to this.

Looks to me like R1ck3o has taken to two of the most emotive child abuse cases in recent history, made up some unsubstantiated bs and then asked for donations to fight a legal case which as yet has not been made.

Lets face it, if R1ck3o really had published images of the real John Venebles, the police would have his site shut down and R1ck3o charged with perverting the course of justice or contempt.

The images are still up, as are R1ck3o's unproven, unsubstantiated claims - no case has been launched by either the CPS or police.

And R1cj3o's requests for donations 'to fight the good fight' are still live.

R1ck3o is a scam artist peddling lies and deception with unsubstantiated claims hoping to get people to give him £.

Most of his posts on this are deleted, his account on Dif has been deleted (and they don't usually do that) so the mods there are on to him.

Investigate it yourself, see if R1ck3o's claims add up - i have, and i have found that his claims don't hold water.

Ask why R1ck3o has a number of websites, all registered at different addresses and ask if someone who posts unsubstantiated claims, then asks for £ to fund a legal case that 'might' be bought because of those claims is genuine.
So what if while you're alive your conscience oscillates between the wave lengths, but once you die it flat lines putting you in the infinite, which puts your conscience in an alternate dimension which would be heaven/hell or where it's chosen.aliens are from the astral dimension. the same place as ghosts, shadow people etc.. aliens are the physical manifestation of lower astral demons. some ''greys'' are actually earth created automatons. you are an excellent writer btw.Ive done a lot of thinking about this.  I think weve all been brainwashed by the movies...popular and unpopular into this type of belief.  That there are aliens.  You even use "MIB" and most the readers here will just get it. 

The fact is, we live in a sort of disreality, guided by the collective media into what may or may not be happening. 

Im more than open to the idea of aliens, in this dimension of the next, but my advice to you would be take a step back and DO NOT jump to conclusions based on fantasy and potentially fraudulent evidence that the very people you think are conversing with aliens could easily create.  This one was always the most obvious to me. It's supposedly about "aliens" but the imagery and lyrics seem to be straight up about Lucifer to me. Complete with him falling from "heaven" in the beginning..

https://youtu.be/c9eBfRrKS_k

"You're so hypnotizing
Could you be the devil, could you be an angel,
Your touch magnetizing,
Feels like I'm floating, leaves my body glowing,
They say be afraid,
You're not like the others, futuristic lovers,
Different DNA, they don't understand you,
You're from a whole other world,
A different dimension,
You open my eyes,
And I'm ready to go, lead me into the light."It's about class.

Don't worry, no matter what they attempt, even if they are the last holders of wealth, land, etc in all of the world, once we are all dead, they will be alone, no matter what, the endgame for the elite is absolutely horrendous and the fact that they kind of just continue with this downward spiral tells me their is more to everything, its almost like they believe their is no hell, just ascension, no matter the means. 

I believe there is a moral spectrum of the universe, I believe the different densities/dimensions of light/vibrations/geons/etc are in accordance to this moral spectrum, we are on an extremely low moral end of the spectrum, this is why its heavy, weighted, thick, painful, heartbreaking. 

I have no clue what this all is, I just want to find an answer, something that will give us the assurance that everything will be okay and there is more beyond our comprehension and to just enjoy the right. We have no assurance atm, we just know that this physical plain is extremely unbalanced, seems like the "physical" of this dimension/density is also as unbalanced as the moral spectrum of the dimension/density itself. 

How? It takes currency one step further to complete nothingness. At least with fiat money it's pyshically real. With cryto currency everything will be in the invisible dimension of the internet of which military has complete control over. 

I have much more faith in what we can touch and control our selves. Not a big fan of giving complete control of my money to a shadow group. I think the main concern of conspiracy is centralizing control of power. A online currency is the epitome of that. Interesting theory. I don't know the answer to that one. Maybe they appear as if from another dimension,because it is camouflage. Similar to how a lizard camouflages , but in a more sophisticated way. 

Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.

&gt; Living in a 4th dimension

lol pseudoscience isn't a conspiracySo you're saying your phone is a device created by an extra-terrestrial intelligence to assist in your evolution and ascendance beyond the physical form into a higher dimension where you exist as some sort of non-corporeal energy being?Some quotes from her book. 


&gt;He referred to a picture of himself shaking hands with unknown Navy brass as he dramatically told me,

&gt;"I was there that fateful day in 1943 when a hole was ripped in the fabric of time through what later became known as the Philadelphia Experiment.

&gt;All those fine boys vanished along with their ship in a bizarre twist of events that parallels the Atlantis disappearances. A vortex was created in an effort to slip dimensions and become invisible to the enemy. It was a success beyond the highest expectations and launched us all info universal travel. It is no wonder at all that we have had a man on the moon.

&gt;Traveling to distant planets and galaxies is Mickey Mouse stuff in comparison to the high tech wizardry of trans-dimensional travel. Trans-dimensional travel circumvents all measures of time, including distance and speed.

&gt;When the fabric of time was torn, we opened ourselves up to intergalactic travel - both in and out of this dimension - and in and out of the future, as well as the past. We can alter the course of history by traveling back in time to alter events, or we can blast off into the future and gain wisdom and knowledge of events yet to come.

&gt;We can control the future by controlling the past. At present, this is a relatively easy task according to the theory of relativity and abilities gained through the Philadelphia Experiment. I came back an ET (extraterrestrial) myself. And our ship returned to this Earth as a spaceship. I gained the keys to the universe on that fateful day, and I carry them with me now, sharing only a Key or two at a time with those who are Chosen.

&gt;You are a Chosen One (Johnston was deliberately interfacing with Rite to Remain Silent conditioning), and therefore must learn the ins and outs of interplanetary travel. Your mission is trans-dimensional. You can span infinite dimensions by learning from me. Take it from me, you're going places, kiddo. And I'll teach you to get there by riding the light.

&gt;I'll teach you the groundwork, and you do the light work. The key to the universe lies in the speed of light. The only way to travel is by beam of light. You will learn to go to the light...Your mission is to learn how to Tinker with time. I'm going to take you on that journey myself.

&gt;Come with me now. It's time we were leaving this plane and boarding another."

---


&gt;As the escorts approached, I was relieved to see Kelly with them. Though she was visibly tranced and traumatized, the fact that she was alive was all I was capable of grasping. When she saw the "Face Changing" exhibit, she excitedly exclaimed, "Uncle George [Bush] just read me a book about this!" Before I could hear anymore, I was led away, leaving Kelly with our handler, Houston. 
&gt;I was then quickly taken to Bush's Residence Office, which heretofore was unfamiliar to me.

 
---


&gt;Claiming to me to be an alien himself, Bush apparently activated a hologram of the lizard-like "alien" which provided the illusion of Bush transforming like a chameleon before my eyes. 

---

&gt;In one of many White House bedrooms available for such purposes, Bennett led me into bed,

&gt;"I told you we were going to beat it out of this dimension, and that's exactly what I intend to do. A little Byrd told me you like a whip. Since I am not the Senate kind, I'll just represent the majority by giving you what you need most."

&gt;Bennett apparently found perverse pleasure in whipping me. With my wrists bruised and my body stinging with pain, Bennett lit up a cigarette and cryptically asked,

&gt;"Was that your first cum-union with an alien?"

&gt;He threw me my clothes, and ordered,

&gt;"Make yourself presentable. Make sure your wrists are covered. I'm not waiting around for you, I'll see you in the morning."

&gt;Bennett left. After awhile I was escorted back to Byrd, with whom I spent a brutal, short night.


---

&gt;Early the next morning, deep underground in the NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center mind-control lab near D.C., Bill Bennett began preparing me for the program.

---

&gt;A laser of light hit the black wall in front of me, which seemed to explode into a panoramic view of a White House cocktail party - as though I had transformed dimensions and stood amongst them.

&gt;Not recognizing anyone, I frantically asked,

&gt;"Who are these people?" 

&gt;"They're not people, and this isn't a spaceship," Bennett said.

&gt;As he spoke, the holographic scene changed ever so slightly until the people appeared to be lizard-like aliens



Shrooms? My good sir, I would never partake of an illicit substance. 

(checks the local laws)

Wait, it says that they're legal as long as they're not dried. Well in that case yes I've taken them many times, and they've benefited my life greatly. I personally feel that everyone deserves to have at least one psychedelic experience in their lifetime, and new research is showing that people almost universally benefit from it.

That said, I don't think that what I saw as a child was "god". I think it was a being not much different than you or I. Maybe even, it was me, from the far, far reaching future. (Ever seen the movie "Interstellar"? If not, watch it on shrooms. Legit. It's absolutely spectacular, and I don't say that lightly.)

I don't think I've ever connected with "god" or "the source" on psychedelics before. I'm not sure that's even possible. But I can say that one time I connected with some sort of dimension, or realm, where all pleasure comes from. If the idea of "heaven" or "nirvana" is actually real, they I would say that during this specific trip, I connected with it. And I don't mean just being "drugged out" and "euphoric". I mean that I made a connection with a place of pure bliss. It was a beautiful experience that I'll never forget, because I'm always reminded that that place is still out there, whether it was in my head or not, and that regardless of how shitty this world can be, there are places free from the problems we have here. do it so you jump to a dimension where /r/DimensionalJumping is open again

... oh wait, that's catch 22Hmm interesting.

I feel I should note that I am no sort of expert on theology or Christianity or such.  I have spent more time reading philosophy than religion, but I have read some of the Bible as well as various theological tales on applying Christianity to philosophy such as Aquinas (who is always on my “get around to reading more” list) and...  I can’t think of the name, but he is a British contemporary Catholic thinker in that sort of area of study.  I also grew up in a loosely Christian family (as in went to Sunday school as a kid and had children’s bible but later we only occasionally attended church) and had much more religious grandparents from whom I heard religious theory for much longer.

Alright, background aside:


1). I don’t see why it couldn’t, but that really sounds more like the pantheistic or philosophical approach to the problem.  Actually, that sounds a lot like... was it Plato?  I will need to look it up but there is a Greek philosopher who essentially argued that from a non-Christian perspective.

To note, my grandparents were fond of listening to preachers on the radio and I recall one part of a sermon that stuck in my mind as a youngster.  I believe it was from one of those “prosperity doctrine” type mega church guys who essentially said “The classic vision of hell as fire and torture and such isn’t what the real hell is like.  In reality Hell is to be separated from God, to understand the truth and to know his love and to know that you are forever outside of it.”  An interesting take and when considered at length a pretty hellish vision...  psychological torture is the most potent.  This could also be somewhat applied to more new-agey beliefs as well and seems to come equally from Buddhist thought oddly enough.

2) I really haven’t given that idea much thought but, now doing so, don’t give it much credence.  For one, if God created Satan to rid himself of evil, this means that he has given Satan a trait that he does not himself possess.  This would implied that Satan could act beyond God’s authority or power or knowledge since to truly be rid of evil, one could no longer comprehend evil.  You must be able possess the capacity for anything you are able to consider; if you can imagine or conceive of the idea of a person willingly raping a child, or understand that this has taken place, you also have the capacity to rape a child.  

This could be said to define free will.  If you cannot conceive of evil you cannot chose not to do it.  This is also where both the ideas of original sin and the idea of animals not having a soul derive.  The free will is clear.  The animal part considers that animals act without malice or understanding; if a dog rapes or kills a puppy it cannot be said to be evil because the dog has no innate understanding of right or wrong, they are merely driven by animalistic urges.  (Note I don’t necessarily agree with this, we are constantly learning that animals possess far greater cognitive function than we gave them credit for and I think we are *still* underestimating them.  Cetaceans get the focus, but if you are interested I find elephants *far* more fascinating because they demonstrate advanced abstract thought and are more readily observed interacting with humans and other animals.)

Further, I would ask, what need would God as described by Christianity have for ridding himself of evil?  He is everything and possesses everything and everything comes from him.  Why, at some point in time, would he decide to remove something from himself?  Of course this leads further to asking why any of God’s actions in the Bible take place, why create the enormous test for man with end times and revelations and all that simply to get to a point he could bring about instantly?  Why allow Satan to betray him?  Or man to fall?  Or earth to exist externally from himself?  You see what I mean?

Perhaps a better way to imagine God’s perspective would be an “inter dimensional” approach as seeing people as a uniform object combining all possible past present and futures as a sort of single thing, I suppose much like a branching tree, yet the single path one takes is the free will you exercise.  This is a sort of quantum mechanics view I guess.  When observed at one point in time all other possible locations would collapse, but if viewed from the perspective of God all other possibilities also still exist.  This can lead to an entire rabbit hole in and of itself as to whether all people on earth are actually a single entity expressed across every dimension and we are in fact all Jesus as the aspect of the son of god...  it resolves the population growth problem of ideas about reincarnation.

Anyway, that is what comes to mind.

Oh, one last thing that comes to mind worth noting is that I think it is a common mistake when considering ancient cultures or beliefs to falsely imagine them as less mentally sophisticated than ourselves.  Technology has grown and with it the vocabulary of words or ideas that we use to express concepts, but our ability to think and the way we think has not become any more sophisticated at all.  It is worth the attempt to look at mystery schools and occultism and religions less as something complete or different and more as ways of explaining things we now understand in different words.   I want to make note of a key nuance apart of SendNudes.

Scientists use time as a dimension for calculations, since it works. However time is not considered a dimension depending on different theories.

 I would also like to point that the article mentions a fourth dimension but it dosen't have to be time. Either way more study and experimentation is needed to declare proof like the article.My theory is that the big bang was actually just the endpoint of where a black hole dumps its shit.

So, basically the black hole sucks in planets and stars and creates a new dimension where it is populating with the things it pulled in. So in theory, every blackhole is the gateway to a universe started by a "big bang"There's alot of reports of people seeing reptillians when they astral project, so seems to me they exist somewhere atleast. I dont know about the shapeshifting on this dimension thoughSpace is space.

Thermodynamics says heat flows to colder areas regardless of dimension as a means of balance. Space isnt a perfect vacuum being devoid of any particulates or without its own principle governing aspects; electromagnetic, gravity, thermodynamics among other variables dictating the state of space between masses and higher concentrations of those governing principles. Density of matter has a profound, limiting or made possible, effect on efforts an acting function may have when interacting with its immediate environment.Concerning the animal /human population thought of yours, a couple of days ago I had exactly the same thought!

I disagree with the religious concept of moving up or down the evolutionary ladder as this implies mistakes can be made. From what I have learned there are no mistakes. The evolution goes in one direction only, the only thing that can change is your individual speed of evolution. You will be given a series of challenges throughout your life, if you fail to learn your lessons you get another go but as you cannot recall why your are incarnate in your life you will preincarnatively program stronger challenges into your next incarnation until you realise from within what you should learn. So the worst thing that can happen is that you get stuck in this dimension for countless lives, but everyone will get it and evolve naturally.Those are insane. I gotta say this , I often times see weird patterns in the sky, besides the trails. What I always envisioned was that it was something of a different dimension. How would I know how to interpret a different dimension intersecting our dimension? Seeing these aerial views changes the perspective slightly, but it does seem intentional. I don't understand why the "simulation," has to/or is breaking down. Why can't it just be what we think of as our dimension, and it evolves or changes according to "program," or desire of the, "creator/architect?"I recently saw someone say density rather than dimension.. it put a new approach to my thoughts. Very well said. I understand what you intended to imply however I would follow with cows here on Earth. Rarely do cows threaten humans and generally could be considered a close zoological relative to your deer example.

Yet we kill ~7-10 million of these udderly ;) benevolent creatures.

Also many creatures we see and even Crows of the bird kind play social games. And since anything below quantum level is unknowable magic it could be that you and I are actually grey aliens or reptiles in some kind of memory wiped virtual reality training sim, or hyper sleep, etc from a dimension with a completely different but still logical and physically consistent working of spacetime basically meaning it really is the matrix. Maybe its a free will sim like Civ or Sim games.

Again the point being there are hundreds of theories and it is by definition an attribute of a post singularity civilization to be incapable of us to reason technical abilities let alone any form of subjective, cultural, or medical purpose.Explain the question. In context we were talking about DMT, which hurls people into a separate dimension filled with intelligent entities. That sure lifts the veil, because you come to see that there's a lot more to the world than the meaningless, mechanistic, material thing that we're lead to believe it is. There are other beings, other realms, and it seems that this is where the real action is- at least, that was my conclusion, and a lot of peoples' conclusion. 

Quantum physics is also backing up this "reality," as it were, as non-locality theory has been proven, and "many worlds theory," which says there are many overlapping dimensions invisible to the naked human eye, is currently popular.There has been numerous very credible UFO sightings in Chicago. Mothman has been seen at least 55 times in the past year. Perhaps the Chicago area has a **Portal** to the Lower Astral Dimension where these things come from.I appreciate your effort bro. Really I do. But it's just religious brainwashing. The questions I could ask now are questions that have already been done to death regarding this topic. 

If God created everything, he created Lucifer. Why would he create his own enemy? Boredom? As a "test" for humans? If God loves us why play test games with us? Why setup your own kids to fail? You just said that man is an enemy to God. Doesn't sound so kind and loving to me. 

But if it's all just a big game, a test, what's my reward? To die and live next to god on a cloud somewhere? A different planet or dimension maybe? Sounds boring TBH. Maybe theres more to do there then? 

And if it's all a big test, that means I have to pass it. But you said I don't have to do anything. No amount of work on my part passes the test. Doesn't make sense. 

And if all that is just a simple, apparent, obvious, and beautiful truth then why is it all so complicated, contradictory to itself, and need so many explanations. 

Truth is simple. When you see it you know it. Christianity just isn't that way is it? Or it would have a larger conversion rate and retention rate. Once again it appears that FE theory is simple another flavor to Christianity. I dont know any other religious groups in on the FE movement. Reeks of religious fervor, not facts. 

Hey cool question. No I'm not centrist because it still sits on a single dimension axis.  

I see all politics as a farce and possibly even a joke.  I don't root for one clown over another. hmm.. ya reckon? 

dems sum good in depth thinkuns there hoss. When one steps back yonder a bit and take a good lookin at ere angle.. seems we may be caught in some type of loop for the harvesting of our precious soul/energy. 

Instead of going into the light as everyone tells you.. we may just want to mosey on past that them there light and move on to a different dimension. What you (and anyone who considers this theory) are failing to understand is that *simulation* and **reality** are two different concepts. When you are able to touch, smell, feel, hear, see an object, it no longer is in a state of simulation (because it has entered the 3rd dimension). It becomes real.
 This has recently been brought up on other subs also. The Particle Membrane between this dimension and the Astral is thinning. Lucid Dreams are becoming more common.It is some deep stuff linked to biblical texts, hyroglifics and lots of other things. But here we go. Let's begin with quantum computers. It is claimed that the only thing a quantum computer does is make contact to parralel states and universes. And that the PC itself is build up like an altar/temple. Explained here:
http://defeatingthebeast.com/quantum-computing-sciences-new-ouija-board/

Then we go into CERN. The claim is that CERN can produce strangelets. Strangelets should be the most stably matter and all other matter is unstable and so it attracks that other matter. This would be comparable to the forming of a neutron star. Now the next thing is that it is build at Saint-Genus-Poilly which would be a differentiaded name of Appolliacum. Temple to Appollo. Romans at that time used to believe there was a gateway to the underworld there. To put 2+2 together. CERN would be made to open the portal to another dimension.

Then the connections with history.
 These type of events have been recorded/written about all over history. The mentionings of portals to underworlds/heavens are all over the place.

Im not well read into this stuff, because I just think this is way to much. You should google this stuff for yourself honestly if you're interested.Additional links and research:

"3rd, 4th &amp; 5th Dimension Reality Overview"

Third Dimensional Reality – The Physical Realm

“Birds born in a cage think flying is an illness.” ~ Alejandro Jodorowski

In the third dimension you see yourself as a separate entity in comparison to other people and the universe. You are still rooted in the physical world, and feel appropriate to judge people based on the color of their skin, age, gender, financial status etc. I am a person, the thinker of these thoughts, and these thoughts are my thoughts. I seek happiness outside of myself. Things like money, material possessions, relationships, and physical attributes seem to be the key to my fulfillment. 

I must compete with others in order to ‘make it’ so I can get my share of abundance. Life is characterized by polar opposites. There are good decisions and bad decisions, good thoughts and bad thoughts, good people and bad people, for example. The labels I have for myself define who I am as a person. Words like parent, wife, son, my job title, home-owner, etc. are how I identify myself in comparison to others.

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/558/3rd-4th-dimension-reality-overview

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/850/central-intelligence-agency-paranormal-phenomena



http://awakeningforums.com/thread/570/ronald-bernard-revelations-insider-1

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/666/foia-document-hypothesis-collective-consciousness

"27. Consciousness in Perspective. 

Having ascertained that human consciousness is able to separate from physical reality and interact with other intelligences in other dimensions within the universe, and that it is both eternal and designed for ultimate return to the Absolute, we are faced with the question: “So what happens then?” Since memory is a function of consciousness and therefore enjoys the same eternal character as the consciousness which accounts for its existence, it must be admitted that when consciousness returns to the Absolute, it brings with it all the memories it has accumulated through experience in reality. The return of consciousness to the Absolute does not imply and extinction of the separate entity which the consciousness organized and sustained in reality. 

Rather, it suggests a differentiated consciousness which merges with and participates in the universal consciousness and infinity of the Absolute without losing the separate identity and accumulated self-knowledge which its memories confer upon it. What it does lose is the capability for generation of independent thought holograms, since that can be done only by energy in motion. In other words, it retains the power to perceive but loses the power of will or choice. In exchange, however, this consciousness participates in the all-knowing infinite continuum of consciousness which is a characteristic of energy in the ever present. Consequently, it is accurate to observe that when a person experiences the out-of-body state, they are, in fact, projecting that eternal spark of consciousness and memory which constitutes the ultimate source of their identity to let it play in and learn from dimensions both inside and outside the time-space world in which their physical component currently enjoys a short period of reality."Have you ever seen the Super Mario Bros. movie from 1993? When an asteroid struck the earth, "killing" all the dinosaurs, it didn't really kill them. Or, in our dimension it did, but in a neighboring dimension, it did not. These dinosaurs continued to evolve and they are now the "reptilians."Humans are on a different dimensional awareness frequency compared to animals.

Animals reside on the second dimensional plane of awareness which makes their receptivity and everything else different from us.

I posted a good overview on this the other day, here's that link:

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/558/3rd-4th-dimension-reality-overviewAlso see /r/paradigmchange/  

I am a major in Physics, and became sensitive for the paranormal a bit after my studies. Since then I am studying the aura and chi, and try to put it into scientific concepts. The major problem with science today is that it it does not like new ideas.  

The model that I observe is that there are more dimensions. This is physically possible without any problems. The physical body is surrounded by an multidimensional aura. It works like a second body. 

The aura is observable as a flame-like body. What you are observing is the chi / life-energy flowing through the body. But if you follow the flow, it follows a line-structure. These lines are known in the yoga as nadis, but this repeats on all dimensions. 

Everything is connected with each other trough these lines/channels. At certain places they connect with each other and go through nodes, which act like ports to the next level of the aura.

Each level of the aura goes deeper into a unity of consciousness. Be aware: there are many levels of this unity, and that can be confusing as the religions show us. The different levels connect unity all the way to our physical body.

Now it is interesting that we see this same structure back in our body. Within our cells we have microtubules that control/guide processes in the cells, and communication between cells.

It seems that these processes and communication can be disturbed with electromagnetic waves, when they are in resonance with it. But that is a whole other story on its own.

On lower level we see that molecules are connected via electrons. And on the deepest known level the quarks are connected via gluons. There seem to be 2 more physical levels, but that needs some more research.

The multidimensional network model, based on observations, connects consciousness and physics in one model. In this model we have some kind of free will, as we experience, and can consciousness influence the physical body as we can observe. Also can physical substances influence the psyche. It goes both ways.

With this model, I can understand most psychiatric problems. Your consciousness can have problems on different levels of existence. I am now actively helping people with severe problems like psychosis and depression. I also get insight in how psychopaths work, and how we can help them and us with this disease.

The multidimensional models can also explain all paranormal events that I know exist. Ghosts can move in and out of our physical observed dimension. Probably there are many more multidimensional creatures. We can influence (with enough training) the physical world that we connect with. I can heat something with my hands. There are also tricksters that try to pretend they can do these things, so it is best to learn it yourself via chi.

But there is also the problem with sceptics. They seem to be very afraid of the multidimensional aspect of this reality. I usually see that they have problems with some multidimensional beings that parasite on them and their thinking. And from this fear and problems they react aggressively towards these ideas. Tip: Just have an open mind, explore these ideas and find out for yourself.
Yes! Similar to how this article explains demonic possession: 
“Since the world is made of energy, not matter, and since energy moves in waves which have frequencies, the Satanic rituals are designed to entrain the energetic bio-frequencies of the participants with that of other dark entities, so that there is a vibrational match. Once there is a frequency resonance or lock, an exchange can then take place: energy, intent or information can go from one being, place or dimension can be transferred into another. “

With the pyramids built with the exact dimensions of earth, that might bring about a frequency match that allows for the transfer of energy or something...OP's post could be a psyop, possibly the first phase of their game plan.  I could be wrong of course, but try chess game approach OP's post, step back and look at all 4 dimension.

1. There might be a cabal out there who plan to release a fake Trump video, they know people will immediately call BS and cry fowl.

2. So to help their case before they  release it, they have their people online to plant seed and make posts like OP's.  

3. Then they'll drop their fake video. When people call their fake video a fake video, they point back to OP style posts, using it as their evidence the video is genuine. 

4. Broadcast OP's psyop make it the official mainstream media narrative. Anyone doubting it's authentic will be dismissed and ridiculed. The media will say "Cyber Security Specialists who discuss cutting edge high tech news forums such as Reddit.com, state the video is genuine. The "Techies" as they are called even point to posts made months befoe the infamous video, showing that discussed the very real possibilty people would use the fake technology to confuse people and sow discord. Our tech department has confirmed they believe the video to be genuinw despite what some video denying "conspiracy theorists" might want you to believe.

5. They'll get their media, their politcians, and their paid internet operatives to all state in a nonstop barrage that the video is genuine , video deniers are nutjobs, and they knew the deniers would try and blame tech for what we all know to be true! Yet in actuality the video reallyis fake, and their only "evidence" proving their "real"narrative is posts like OP's. I'm not sure if the star exists in the same form just in another dimension.

I think all black holes go to the same "singularity"
I think all protons are black holes, and all go to the same "singularity"
We live inside a blackhole, and our consciousness could be another blackhole, and our brain mediates between the visible light spectrum and everything else.search krs one 5th dimension on youtube and watch that.What's the point of going on in this fucked up world, man. We don't live in a good world anymore. Where journalists are literally in danger of getting murdered because they do their job of offering transparency to the public.

It's like government have completely forgotten that they're supposed to work for us, not be our Supreme Overlord.

Really having trouble finding reasons to go on, and just deuce out of this dimension.It was a service to others ET civilization tasked with helping awakening other civilizations. It's claimed it was the Essessani, a highly conscious race operating on a higher dimension of frequency than ours. They are here at this time and have been helping us wake up to these truths.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1k7FS8yEiU8Answer: Because they are literal "demons" in disguise, from another dimension. Don't let their biology fool you, it's complicated in space and time. Those that ally themselves with righteousness and justice will find infinity close by I know many people will jump on the simulation hypothesis when reading about things like this, but there is an alternative perspective which is perhaps much deeper and more interesting (imo).  

From a computer science perspective, quantum computers can be regarded as abstract mathematical objects. From a physics perspective, quantum theories can be regarded as abstract mathematical objects. What we are seeing here could be evidence that the universe is a *naturally occurring* quantum computer, rather than a device which was designed or programmed by some aliens in another dimension.  

If you are well-versed in mathematics, then I would suggest you think about the following: Modern viewpoints in mathematics place quantum theories at the level of algebraic and differential topology. They arise naturally in relation to geometric structures on manifolds and smooth varieties, and in many other settings. See Chern-Simons theory for an example of how three-dimensional topological quantum field theory plays a role in the classification of three-dimensional manifolds with embedded knots and links. There is a similar story happening with string theories/M-theory. The geometric setting where this happens is much deeper, perhaps related to the "exceptional" structures in algebra and geometry.  Skip to the section titled, "The Time Space Dimension".&gt;20-years battling 'grey ETs from another dimension with samurai swords 

...Blur the sky to minimise visual observation. It might also be needed for the fake sun light sources to disperse their light and increase the dimension.

Afaik they spray some aluminium and this might be used for it's repel effect on magnetic fields. The magnetic field of the earth is under a lot stress from "unknown" source(s). 

These are at least my conclusions for large scale operations.Well, basically, isn't that what their job is...  To be a slut.

One dimension for the fantasy of those of us on the outside.

A second dimension of selling herself on a literal level to those on the inside.

Those who refuse to do the latter get nothing out of the industry.Yeah, me either. I want to believe this airplane was revealed from another dimension :)World ended in 2012 and we were all sucked into an alternate dimension. We're just now starting to notice.Or technically any space that is 3D like a waste basket has a 4th dimension when you open it to throw something inside. We work in 4 dimensions more than we think. 

Or a dumpster is a 3D object with height-length and width.. but with space inside it’s a 4th dimension 

Trying to make sense using simpler terms. Cubism.

If you want a very basic understanding of the 5th dimension, cubism is your best first step.

It's my understanding that it (5th dimension) continues to "build on and expand" the "first" 4 (X,Y,Z axis and time). It allows one to view the first 4 at the same "time". Cubism has a mixture of them in a really basic format, eg. You see the side of a face while also seeing the front.

The quotations are there because I suck at finding the right words to describe it, and these are the easiest.

To the best of my recollection, the 5th dimension was as far as my brain/mind could comprehend. I struggled with and ultimately failed to grasp the 6th as a physical mechanic.You accuse me of using anecdote evidence yet you use the same to try to refute me. If at the least various data are different then you have absolutely no proof that your theories of gun control is correct.  Furthermore, you speculate that suicide rate in Korea Japan would be higher with absolutely no evidence to back your statement. Do you have an alt dimension/reality machine where you traveled to a gun owning Korea? &gt; Can we get Trump playing anyone in a game of chess on camera? 

I told you already, the guy manipulates dimensions. There'd be no point. It'd look like he lost, but actually, because of what he did in another dimension, he really won. Do they have fast wifi in your fantasy dimension? If you actually think Trump will resign as President, you're absolutely hopeless. Hopefully you're just another shill, for your own minds sake.What? Maybe I’m behind on the news, or maybe I accidentally slipped into a different dimension: is the ME at peace rn? Korea? I .... don’t follow. They created the that ship to reach the stars, but she's gone much, much farther than that. She tore a hole in our universe, a gateway to another dimension. A dimension of pure chaos. Pure... evil. When she crossed over, she was just a ship. But when she came back... she was alive! Look at her, Miller. Isn't she beautiful?I dont regard any of the 'theory' or the scientific observations that are behind this 'dimensional landing' concept to be controversial at all.. the only thing that might be hard to swallow for some people is the idea that it could actually be happening. people like to think of quantum mechanics an the the observations of quantum effects as being something you can really only observe in a lab but its not.

for example if an alien spaceship was to land somewhere on earth that would constitute a dimensional landing as the ship would be coming from another dimensionality and landing in ours.

multiple phenomena that are being reported recently like NASA finally releasing evidence of real time zero latency high resolution correlation between flow regimes on the surface of the sun and flow regimes on earth is to my mind a signal that we are merging with or landing in another dimension. also that large cigar shaped object they are tracking that has come in from outside the solar system is another signification. also the shit that's going down in antarctica and the discovery through muography of the void in the great pyramid in Giza ... the list goes on and on and on &gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; but lesbians only won that right in the united states, what, a year or two ago? so it still has a "new" factor to it that i suppose makes it slightly more interesting.

Not just more interesting, but it's also liberating to be able to share that moment which had been taboo and stigmatized until recently (And still is in my areas of the US). Straight marriage isn't overcoming any taboo or stigma or shunning, they don't have that added dimension, so they're neither interesting nor liberatory.And honestly, I understand. 

It seems that every human if not most have the ability with training to enter other dimensions at will, and there are beings in these other dimensions that can hijack your body and devour your soul.

I can get why the government feels most people arent prepared for this because everyone would be Astral Projecting and getting themselves fucking possessed by other-dimensional demons which seem to not be able to hurt us until we willingly leave our body

and further food for thought look into Kyle Odom, he had a 12 year career in the Marines, and was pursuing his Ph.D. in human genetics when he as he puts it "started experimenting with extreme states of consciousness" and he basically gets mind raped by what he calls "reptilian Martians" who were attempting to make him into a school shooter and they destroy his life eventually pushing him to shoot up a church he believes is ran by reptilians.

In the beginning of his Manifesto, he describes meeting an entity, a floating ball of blue light who he then submits to. It sounds to me like this thing was some type of spirit/mind parasite that once it latched onto him in the other dimension came back with him to the real world and basically gave him Paranoid Schizophrenia


https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/pastor-shooting-suspect-kyle-odom-charged-claims-martians-control-earth-n535241

(https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/2754139-Kyle-Odom-Manifesto.html)But they did though? I also don't think it's that important at this point and time in the show.  Idk man all of them changed especially if your looking at both seasons.

Considering the show is centered around children I would only imagine the show was go about it as if kids.

Upside down is like kiddie alternate dimension? 

Idk i think you're being to serious?

Side note the only people who know what it is was the government so you know how that goes. That's why I asked you to define magic. It's a more difficult task than it appears on the surface, isn't it?

At some point (arguably one we already passed) we'll use technology which we can utilize and use correctly without actually understanding how it works. Quantum computing and machine learning are two emerging fields that promise to become hugely beneficial and useful to our development as a species (if we somehow manage not to kill ourselves with it), which already work in ways we don't fully comprehend. This creates a kind of grey area of meaning between science/technology and magic.

I see your point about the questionable effectiveness of prayer or things like synchronized meditations. On the other hand, we have phenomena such as the URL_REPLACED, which strongly hints at a fundamental interconnectedness between geographically separated minds of the same species of animal. That is nature doing magic, in my honest opinion, because what the hell else are you gonna call that?

&gt; What entity would decide what "prayers" are answered to the affirmative?

That's a complex question, and I guess you ask it rhetorically. I find it interesting enough that I'm trying to formulate an answer to it anyway.

I used to be an Atheist. Before that, as a child, God made perfect sense to me, but the more I learned about Catholicism (the religion I grew up with) and the world, the more the disconnection between what I felt to be true and what I was told to be true grew. I've since found that spark again, that connection I felt so naturally as a kid. It still disappears at times, but I know where to find it again, and my life has drastically improved. The thing is, though, that my God has virtually nothing to do with God as "he" is being portrayed by the church or by most religious interpreters. The closest description of the God which I know to be true is the Force, unsurprisingly enough, seeing how that story resonates with the spirit of the masses like hardly anything else does. 

So I wouldn't necessarily call God an entity, any more than I would call a river a sentient being (which it very well may be, from a certain point of view). God, to me, is a river that I trust will lead me through the jungle to the ocean. Others may not have that trust, you'll find them clinging to rocks they were once pushed up or smashed against. Others again will swim as hard as they can against the stream, half drowning themselves and others in their panicked efforts to withstand live's directions. Some will swim ashore and wander the woods, for a time, or forever. 

To walk before (or with) God means nothing more than to swim with the current that moves you forward while paying enough attention that you don't get yourself killed in the rapids.

When I broke my spine, I didn't pray for God to make me better, I prayed to God for the strength to heal myself and recover as far as he'll allow me to. Today I can walk again. I can play the fucking drums again, after several years with wheelchair and crutches. And I understand now that my recovery was largely due to how I framed my request at the time, because it was conditional on my own efforts to heal myself as far as God/circumstances permit. I made a pact with the Unknown that I would give this thing my all in exchange for the trust that I will have the strength to follow through and endure and so on, with the humble acceptance that it's always possible that I just won't come very far despite my efforts, as is tragically so often the case.

So, it's just not the case that simply believing in or praying to God makes everything holy and it cures cancer and makes you walk again. Especially if all you're doing is repeating mantras over and over, hoping for a miracle to arise (though that kind of praying can be meditative and thus beneficial too). In my view, the point at which true divine magic can occur is when you honestly ask "the void" what you can do to get your act together, whatever that means to you, and then heed the answer that comes to you. 

So in that kind of framework, prayer can be the single most important thing you do in your life. I think that's approximately the framework in which most Freemasons understand religion too btw. 

Sorry for rambling on this tangent, but it's still a question that occupies my mind a lot because I have had such an immediate experience with it, and I'm still continuously processing how my life has progressed since my injury.

&gt; I would not attribute "crop circles" to magic. Something had to cause them. I cannot imagine what, especially those who are reported to have existed since before humans could be airborne, and are kilometers in breadth, perfectly aligned, etc.

Are you referring to the Nazca lines? All of that is puzzling indeed. An interesting explanation for this would be that thousands of years ago, humanity may have once been so advanced in terms of consciousness, that things like astral projection, lucid dreaming, clairvoyance, telekinesis, and so on, were almost ubiquitous, or at least possible in rare individuals. Wouldn't that be an interesting explanation for how the Pyramids were built, and how supposedly primitive cultures that were separated by entire oceans between them had similar ideas about architecture and symbology? Maybe they were able to communicate with little effort, in the way Australian Aborigines claim to be able to do in their Dreamtime dimension.

Again, sorry for rambling, but I find the metaphysics of "magical" things endlessly fascinating and can't shake the suspicion that all of that is not metaphysical at all, but plain real.Mermaids are found in the 5th dimension, not in our dimension. 

My guess this is either misdirection or a fake video meant for getting us on the road to disclosure. This is the first time I've ever even heard of Kratom. Now I wonder if I woke up and fell into another dimension.Sure, Here's a good summary: http://vidyafrazier.com/what-is-the-fifth-dimension/ For what's really going on minus the fluff, this is the ultimate book: https://www.essencepath.com/timeline-collapse Also look into Noel Huntley who is the man. He calls it Stellar Activation. It's supposed to happen from 2012-2017. That's why things are escalating so fast. Once 2018 hits, it's going to be nothing but wins for humanity over the cabal.Sure, Here's a good summary: http://vidyafrazier.com/what-is-the-fifth-dimension/
For what's really going on minus the fluff, this is the ultimate book: https://www.essencepath.com/timeline-collapse
Also look into Noel Huntley who is the man. He calls it Stellar Activation. It's supposed to happen from 2012-2017. That's why things are escalating so fast. Once 2018 hits, it's going to be nothing but wins for humanity over the cabal.I'm not sure this dimension could even get any more contaminated at this point.We are already Here. :) witnessing the beginning of the end of the Age of Pisces. Hence "The end Times" or "The End of Time". We are becoming engulfed in the present moment. Little do people know they are always moments behind it with few lucid moments in between. The dimension of "Time" (ego, future/past-based thought) is collapsing. 

Just relax into it when your self of self (ego) starts dissolving. It's a natural process. The Age of Aquarius inplies the "Waterbearer", The quantum feild is the "Sea", we're going from little fishes in the sea (piscese), to "waterbearers" (aqaurius) , Becoming aware of the quantum field and playing with it/interacting with it as sentient beings. 

Forgive my punctuation.What? Lynch? Comey? Holder? They have never been called pedophiles LMAO.

Criminals yes. The others clearly love to defend and associate with pedophiles. And even enjoy going to pedophile sex islands. So yes, probably pedophiles. Maybe even cannibals?

When it all comes to light, will you denounce reality as a right-wing propaganda mill alt-right dimension? LMAO.You're free to think it, and maybe you saying it opens a dimension where your thought is true, but there must consequently also be a panoply of simultaneous others where it isn't. Simple. They choose to ignore the third dimension ;-)It’s like opening another dimension but lower where there are negative entities that feed off of fear and flesh. They can also attach to hosts and effect their personality. Winston Shrout tested his knowledge in court; he told me personally in advance that he was definitely going to win his trial because he'd named the judge as his fiduciary and she'd go to jail in his place if he was convicted. He was wrong. The jury convicted him of tax fraud and he's awaiting sentencing. HATJ convinced Randy Beane to test her theories, which he did by defrauding a bank and an RV dealership. He's about to be convicted of wire fraud, and she'll be convicted of money laundering.

These people aren't scholars, they're crooks. The only thing that separates them from garden variety con artists is the elaborate theories behind their scams. (Shrout told us at a conference that he represents Earth at the Intergalactic Round Table, that he operates on the fifth dimension, and that he'd enlisted the help of an elf to move the international date line out of London so the Federal Reserve couldn't be rechartered. Maybe not the most reliable source for legal advice?)Felt enough of something the first trip that despite the mother of all bad trips back in February when I ingested something like 14 grams because I had plans to hang out with buddies, they never came, I was alone so I was like fuck it I'm eating 14 grams by myself if no one wants to go get lit with me. I remember reality pretty much melting as a took a shower and felt like I was getting placed in dimension after dimension after dimension, like I was going through a rapid-ass slideshow of different lives I live across the multiverse. Demons started slashing me when the water drops around the shower all started oscillating like waves, and then everything around me pretty much melted into a blur of flashing colours.

They're the safest psychedelics so I wanna try them out once more before New Years.first of all, the universe is often referred to as the heavens. secondly, there are many dimensions and many universes with their own laws and properties. who are you to say a divine heaven does not exist? have you experienced every dimension? have you seen every universe? surely you must know everything to claim such a thing. really though, you know nothing. &gt; 3D?

How so? Flat board. X-Y. 2 dimensions. Add a turn timer and I'll give you a half dimension for time.

URL_REPLACED is that crazy futuristic game Spock plays.The War isn't so silent, lately. 
These brash killings are a MetaData treasure trove...
As long as we can win the war enough to use it to stop the Genocidal DeepState (better known as "AssHats") less people will meet untimely ends!
I would say "Rest"-in-Peace, but I hope he's exerting even more energy from the next dimension!
I mean what if coming back in time creates branches of timelines though? They'd just change our timeline... What if they teleported in from another dimension?Do YOU have that source? 100% of ALL living things share dna. There are four proteins stacked in chains. The ONLY differences are how the stacks are ordered. Thats IT? All rna is the same. That doesn't strike you as odd? The difference in our code and machine code is literally two bits. Thats all. So would you say the windows os and ubuntu os are aliean because one is unix based and the other is not? They both only crunch ones and zeris. They both only run on electronic hardware. They both have guis. So they are both operating systems. They just aren't compatible. Same thing with different species of humans. Yes they have two arms and two legs. Yes they resemble each other. But they are completely different. I don't understand why you think that makes them alien. Besides that WE engineered our OWN dna. There are no aluens. Only time travelers and dimension sliders. Some quotes from her book. 


&gt;He referred to a picture of himself shaking hands with unknown Navy brass as he dramatically told me,

&gt;"I was there that fateful day in 1943 when a hole was ripped in the fabric of time through what later became known as the Philadelphia Experiment.

&gt;All those fine boys vanished along with their ship in a bizarre twist of events that parallels the Atlantis disappearances. A vortex was created in an effort to slip dimensions and become invisible to the enemy. It was a success beyond the highest expectations and launched us all info universal travel. It is no wonder at all that we have had a man on the moon.

&gt;Traveling to distant planets and galaxies is Mickey Mouse stuff in comparison to the high tech wizardry of trans-dimensional travel. Trans-dimensional travel circumvents all measures of time, including distance and speed.

&gt;When the fabric of time was torn, we opened ourselves up to intergalactic travel - both in and out of this dimension - and in and out of the future, as well as the past. We can alter the course of history by traveling back in time to alter events, or we can blast off into the future and gain wisdom and knowledge of events yet to come.

&gt;We can control the future by controlling the past. At present, this is a relatively easy task according to the theory of relativity and abilities gained through the Philadelphia Experiment. I came back an ET (extraterrestrial) myself. And our ship returned to this Earth as a spaceship. I gained the keys to the universe on that fateful day, and I carry them with me now, sharing only a Key or two at a time with those who are Chosen.

&gt;You are a Chosen One (Johnston was deliberately interfacing with Rite to Remain Silent conditioning), and therefore must learn the ins and outs of interplanetary travel. Your mission is trans-dimensional. You can span infinite dimensions by learning from me. Take it from me, you're going places, kiddo. And I'll teach you to get there by riding the light.

&gt;I'll teach you the groundwork, and you do the light work. The key to the universe lies in the speed of light. The only way to travel is by beam of light. You will learn to go to the light...Your mission is to learn how to Tinker with time. I'm going to take you on that journey myself.

&gt;Come with me now. It's time we were leaving this plane and boarding another."

---


&gt;As the escorts approached, I was relieved to see Kelly with them. Though she was visibly tranced and traumatized, the fact that she was alive was all I was capable of grasping. When she saw the "Face Changing" exhibit, she excitedly exclaimed, "Uncle George [Bush] just read me a book about this!" Before I could hear anymore, I was led away, leaving Kelly with our handler, Houston. 
&gt;I was then quickly taken to Bush's Residence Office, which heretofore was unfamiliar to me.

 
---


&gt;Claiming to me to be an alien himself, Bush apparently activated a hologram of the lizard-like "alien" which provided the illusion of Bush transforming like a chameleon before my eyes. 

---

&gt;In one of many White House bedrooms available for such purposes, Bennett led me into bed,

&gt;"I told you we were going to beat it out of this dimension, and that's exactly what I intend to do. A little Byrd told me you like a whip. Since I am not the Senate kind, I'll just represent the majority by giving you what you need most."

&gt;Bennett apparently found perverse pleasure in whipping me. With my wrists bruised and my body stinging with pain, Bennett lit up a cigarette and cryptically asked,

&gt;"Was that your first cum-union with an alien?"

&gt;He threw me my clothes, and ordered,

&gt;"Make yourself presentable. Make sure your wrists are covered. I'm not waiting around for you, I'll see you in the morning."

&gt;Bennett left. After awhile I was escorted back to Byrd, with whom I spent a brutal, short night.


---

&gt;Early the next morning, deep underground in the NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center mind-control lab near D.C., Bill Bennett began preparing me for the program.

---

&gt;A laser of light hit the black wall in front of me, which seemed to explode into a panoramic view of a White House cocktail party - as though I had transformed dimensions and stood amongst them.

&gt;Not recognizing anyone, I frantically asked,

&gt;"Who are these people?" 

&gt;"They're not people, and this isn't a spaceship," Bennett said.

&gt;As he spoke, the holographic scene changed ever so slightly until the people appeared to be lizard-like aliens





https://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/bb/obrien.htmIt shows a dead (probably a 'sacrifice') person laying on the floor that has become a portal into a side dimension with walls that look as if they were produced by ID Software in the 90'sHe’s time as much as he is every piece of matter. 

I like to think of time as the 4th dimension, and we are just observers of its effects. Do those flight apps show military planes also?

I started getting curious what was flying overhead whenever very loud planes would fly over in the middle of the night. I'm nowhere close to any kind of major airports, *but* I'm fairly close to an air force base as well as a proving ground.

Anyway, there have been times (id say once or twice a month) when I'd hear a really loud plane going by only to check the app (within 15-30 secs usually) and have nothing flying anywhere close to me. No personal planes, helicopters or commercial flights.

I guess it's either some sort of military planes that aren't being tracked or aliens. Or shitty planes I can hear from another dimension.
(Dec 2016 UPDATE:

'Star in a Jar' Fusion Reactor Works and Promises Infinite Energy

"Unlike a traditional fission reactor, which splits atoms of heavy elements to generate energy, a fusion reactor works by fusing the nuclei of lighter atoms into heavier atoms. The process releases massive amounts of energy and produces no radioactive waste. The "fuel" used in a fusion reactor is simple hydrogen, which can be extracted from water"

http://www.space.com/34960-star-in-a-jar-fusion-reactor-works.html)

The hollow Earth model explains p (pressure) waves, that can travel to the other side of the planet during earthquakes while s (seismic) waves can only travel  through dense materials. P waves slow down as they pass through the earth, which contradicts the solid earth model which predicts p waves to speed up as they pass  through an increasing density that is a solid core. The p waves slowing down argues that density decreases as they reach the earth's core. This hollow Earth theory is similar to Stephen Goodfellow's  model that claims the sun is a hollow ball of plasma much like a vortex which has the lowest pressure within and higher pressure in the surrounding area. This correlates to Eric Dollard's hollow Sun claims that the Sun is like a transformer that generates energy from another dimension, that fusion and creation of elements only occurs in the plasma filaments on the surface of the sun. These same filaments are much like plasmoids in M.T. Keshe's plasma sciences and his free energy technology that deals with plasma structures at different levels from the molecular to the galactic. Keshe's discoveries show how light, electromagnetism, and gravity are interlinked and the keys to free clean energy technology and antigravity technology. Plasma scientists and plasma cosmologists all agree on an electric universe theory that describes all these processes and present a unifying model. M.T. Keshe explains that where electromagnetism and these forces come into balance in respect to the sun is where planets form; the fields interact and form dynamic plasma, the byproduct of gravity and the magnetosphere is the formation of matter. Just like the frequency cavitation that generates sonoluminescence, a pulse within a toroidal vortex perturbation will generate a system that generates light from an implosion effect much like a plasmoid which contains energy within a self-sustaining magnetic field. The area where the Earth exists is possibly a pressure node along the vortex of the heliosphere of the sun which provides the spin and formation of a plasmoid in conjunction with time/space harmonics we see in precession of the equinoxes that encode geometry relating distance with time. We see these in the angles of platonic solids that divide evenly into the measurements of time, our measurement of time given to us by the Sumerians; another megalithic civilization whose advanced building and technological knowledge remains unanswered, unless we take into account the implications of free zero point energy and the harnessing of gravity for antigravity and transmutation/creation of any element/molecule. When we see the spiral galaxy as a torus spiral plasmoid and our Sun as an electromagnetic pressure node along the arm of the spiral galaxy and the Earth as well as other planets forming on key points of energy force balances along its heliosphere, does this correlate the phenomenon of sonoluminescence as a similar process behind our Sun? One of Nikola Tesla's lesser known quotes is that the Earth rings like a bell. Apollo 12 crashed the remains of a rocket to test their seismometer on the Moon, the Moon rang like a bell for almost an hour. Jan Lamprecht's hollow Earth model presents a system that answers contradicting elements found in our current solid Earth model. What if the genesis of planets begins when there is a perturbance energy node within the overall gravity structure generated from the sun, a frequency figure of rotation, a harmonic nodal point and specific frequency figure of possibly several that manifest as the planets within the overall heliosphere structure of the sun. These nodal points are possibly electromagnetic perturbation cavitation gravity points that create a sonoluminescent torus plasmoid for matter to congregate and coalesce into a planet. Would this model present more credibility to the ancient legends of inner earth and its inner sun? If so, are we to believe Admiral Byrd's claims that an inner earth civilization exists and that they fear a mutual destruction with man's use of atomic weaponry?

Videos:

Sonarluminescence- is this nuclear fusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWO93G-zLZ0

Ancient Egypt and The Alternative Story of Mankind_s Origins (Full Documentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lFNplzGHTE

Sonic Geometry The Language of Frequency and Form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd92ksKzTKY

Moray B King  One Million Cavitating Water Electrolyzers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pa2sjMN8sMc

Keshe 4 Fusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aO0v_bMp0eo

Sounds of the Sun (NASA)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvMbUxqGuOc

Cymatics and Ancient modern sound Technology MUST WATCH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhOwucw-GRg

3 Secrets About Our Sun by Eric Dollard (5 of 12)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwUk2A6-DNw

An Empty Sun - Is Gravity Being Induced Stephen P Goodfellow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fdhyhPu6PY

Maybe A New Form Of Energy, A Plasmoid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amszn8iA0LE

Keshe 5 Flight and Creation of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxXLyA1msJ0

NASA PROOF of HOLLOW MOON! Disclosure is Happening!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXgqJ4yqyno

M.T. Keshe on Antigravity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReT1l46oai0

SunEarth are Active, Standing Wave Planets  S0 News Mar.16.2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SPOIOmIzbs

(Official Movie) THRIVE What On Earth Will It Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEV5AFFcZ-s

Free Energy Vortex Based Mathematics - SHARE &amp; MAKE VIRAL!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mduGLBxISb0

Evidence of the Electromagnetic Sun - Earth Connection  Space News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQRLJDXw2jc

A Shocker Solar Wind Provokes Lightning on Earth _ Space News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67wOTlKmeoA

Jan Lamprecht Hollow Earth Theory Inner Earth Science Evidence Hollow Planets Proof
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6j9lOf9HE54

Hollow Earth, The Biggest Cover Up - Full Documentary DVD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dEwpqd_aFk

Videos by Peter Cullinane
https://www.facebook.com/peter.cullinane/videos

Articles:

http://www.secretsinplainsight.com/takingmeasure/

http://sacredgeometryinternational.com/the-great-year-of-the-world-sacred-geometry-cosmic-cycles-and-catastrophe

The Great Pyramid of Giza: 144000 Earth Harmony
http://www.ancient-world-mysteries.com/great-pyramid-base-length.html

Essential Guide to the EU – Chapter 5
Plasma Sheaths, Cells, and Current-Free Double Layers
https://www.thunderbolts.info/wp/2011/12/03/essential-guide-to-the-eu-chapter-5/

Hollow Planet Seismology VS Solid Earth Seismology
http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/tierra_hueca/esp_tierra_hueca_9.htm

The Suns Holographic Display 
http://newdimension2012.blogspot.com/2013/12/the-suns-holographic-display.html

SUPPORT:

The Keshe Foundation
http://www.keshefoundation.org/

Thrive! Movement
http://www.thrivemovement.com/

The Resonance Project
http://resonance.is/RED PILL INCOMING....

We are ruled by a generational cult of transnational toddler gobblers who are basically adrenochrome junkies using pedo blackmail to enforce their blood contract with an alien species who are actually demons from another dimension, who inhabit their hosts and use them as some sort of avatar for interacting with our dimension. 

** bong smoking intesifies**

And much of what you think you know about our collective history is false. Civilizations such as the Mound Builders existed before us, and were wiped out by successive cataclysms and changes to the environment brought about by certain cycles (read Velikovsky).

**Takes another hit**

Human history is a tale about control. Money, government, religion, war, agriculture, art, disease - these are all war by other means to bring subjugation to the masses and keep your nose to the grind so you don't sit there and think too long, because if you start looking for answers, it's frightening what you can find. 


Yeah, I've probably read about all of it. The list goes on Pleiadians, Draconians, Sirians, Anunnaki...

They exist and interact with our world but some of them exists in higher states of consciousness and density. Ascended masters like Buddha is probably in the 8-9'th dimension/density.

Humans are currently experiencing 3rd, 4th and 5th dimension.We are in an enclosed system. There is no such thing as space and planets.

Therefore, the beings we call either Aliens or Demons (the same entities) are terrestrial. They are either from another dimension or they live within another frequency range that most of us can't perceive.

Jordan provides a lot of good information and helps spreading it which is great. However, he needs to stop saying that "Aliens Are Demons!" and "Flat Earth" are a Psy-Op. It does nothing but divide his own followers.

If you believe in beings from outer-space, you've been inverted on.I vividly remember the episode of TNG where the creatures from another dimension were attaching devices to the crew but they couldn't see them. They were experimenting on the crew. Kind of fits with this conversation.

Anyone who has experienced contact with the visitors or whatever you want to call it will be affected by this episode as it seems to hit a nerve.Apparently 3,6,9 numbers represent a vector from the third to fourth dimension. This field is supposed to be a higher dimensional energy that influences the energy circuit of the other six points.

It is the key to Tesla’s free energyThe entire sub-reddit jumped through another dimension. Okay...so? That means we need to examine everyone's interests and intentions when judging what they produce, not ignore that dimension entirely.It's much more complicated depending on the issue. Sometimes warlocks do witchcraft that enables those jinns to go and find somebody and cause him to do whatever the witchcraft is saying. In this case some sort of  programming that could be triggered with keywords and such.

People are immune by default unless a gateway between our dimension and their dimension is opened. This can be enabled by causing the victim to eat something or walk over something or do something highly immoral that could attract demons (future workers who wants to execute the witchcraft program, again in this case causing the person to hear and see things that would make him do certain things everytime a keyword is said).

There are different techniques to kick out these demons. The worst of them is to go to other warlocks to make you a stronger witchcraft that could bring demons who would overpower the first ones. The best and most effective one is by changing your life into a more righteous one and staying away from drugs and alcohol and immoral acts and praying to God and reciting the word of God (The Quran).

If you want to learn more about this lookup Abderraouf Benhalima on YouTube. Some of his videos are in English but most in Arabic.I don't believe in aliens and ufos having physical craft that comes to earth just to observe us humans. If they are that far advanced to be able to do so, I'd think it would be the equivalent to us traveling who knows how many light years just to go see an ant farm.

I truly do believe there is a battle between good and evil. And there is such thing as objective good and evil. Every religion, every religious text, our archetypes that are reflected in movies, books, entertainment of all kinds all over the world, reflect an archetype that is likely as ancient as when man developed consciousness. An archetype of the struggle between good and evil, and the hero's journey. 

Now I definitely believe in an "unseen world." Even physics acknowledges the possibility of other dimensions. According to the many ancient texts, there are 10 dimensions. The Zohar is one that comes to mind right now. Then there are other esoteric beliefs such as dimensions that contain "thought forms" that exist on a mental or astral plane. Then theres the gnostics and the archons. I suppose you can see where I'm going with this. All of these different beliefs lead to the conclusion that there are forces beyond this world that influence this world. 


Throughout my years of reading and study on all these topics I've come to the conclusion that this dimension we live in is an epic struggle between good and evil. Is it any coincidence that the new age "religion" for the most part refuses to accept that evil exists, and that it's just a state of mind that can be overcome by "positive thinking?" Or that it emphasizes a focus on the self, and that by just refusing to acknowledge evil is how you get rid of it? I think not. There's enough to get into here that could fill a book. I don't know if you've ever listened to Bill Cooper and his talks on how the New Age is being pushed as a one world religion as part of instituting a one world government. One, one, one, we're all one, right?  

The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing people he didn't exist. The psychological dimension is fascinating.    For example,  these credible psychologists on 9/11   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxiQmtVGgcQA vibration or oscillation is 1-dimensional, but if that system moves, or the surface behind it moves, you get a wave. This wave is 2-dimensional, but there is something called an electromagnetic wave in which two of these waves are perpendicular to each other, it is 3-dimensional. It seems the fourth dimension known as time exists all the way down to one dimension. Without time there would not even be vibration.

Speaking of electromagnetic waves, where the E and M waves cross there is harmony or a "singularity", and it is said photons and electrons are "point particles" resembling singularity. Could it be that the point of harmony is what we observe as the particle, and the rest of it is the wave?

Taking this idea further, could there be a "tick rate" or fixed resolution for the universe or for mankind, a sort of cosmic (physical &amp; mental) horizon where we can never witness reality in a higher resolution than what is possible? If Planck length and speed of light is true, it means the universe is pixelated and has a tick rate.

It almost points towards a simulated reality. And if reality is simulated then we might say the universe has a plan, which is to create a recursive universe within itself, a sort of child, a way of lasting forever. Simulation within a simulation. And how might the universe achieve that? By evolving until a species (humans) are intelligent enough to make it happen.You have done a good job delving into the world's games but realise you hold the real keys to Truth, you are the keys, you just have to take one honest step inside of yourself and find out who or what you really are, Self discovery isn't in the external world it's in another dimension within, not physically within but metaphorically within

Enlightenment is real........

Liberation is real.....

Open your eyes your missing it because your so enamoured by the external world, the game, the dream...

Transcend the mind and take control of your destiny.

https://youtu.be/Bsyplaii9p4

Good luck friend, greetings from the UK btw 🤗
it is in it finite ways infinite. anyhow the chance that we live in baseOne or SimOne is 1 in billions. so we could even be living in some pirated version of universe 2.0 on some nerds pc in a different dimension.There is so much wrong in this blog.

Electroweak is the unification of weak force(photons and light) and the magnetic force. This unification existed at the beginning and was broken by the Higgs Field.

This is what CERN references by re-creating the conditions of the early universe.

CERN isn't oppening a doorway to another dimension. If an extra dimension exists in the upper bounds of possibility CERN might make a microscopic black hole that has a lifetime greater than plank time. Smaller extradimensions would create a micro black hole that lives shorter than plank time and can not exist.

Now before anyone worries a black hole would eat us up, of this was the case powerful cosmic rays such as from the neutron star 20,000 light years away that had a 1cm crack and blinded all satelites would create them as well.

The main reason they are irrelevant is because they are so tiny even if captured by Earth they would continuously slingshot through Earth. But since much of an atom is empty space it would take longer for the micro black hole to be a gram big than the age of the universe.

Basically the sun will die and engulf us before we can even hope to notice it.&gt; Some fine conspiracy content we have right here.

It is actually, but requires more reading

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frankfurt_School



&gt;Philosopher and political science lecturer Jérôme Jamin has stated, "Next to the global dimension of the Cultural Marxism conspiracy theory, there is its innovative and original dimension, which lets its authors avoid racist discourses and pretend to be defenders of democracy"

http://thebarbaricgentleman.com/2017/06/17/cultural-marxism-conspiracy-theory/

https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14539385Time is not the 4th dimension.  There is actually a 4th physical dimension and it's been known for decades.  

URL_REPLACED.  There is also the shadow of a 4th dimensional object shown in the vid.  

Doesn't this simply prove that the Time dimension is a spacial dimension? It isn't that its a new (4D+T) dimension but instead a new way at seeing time (3D+T).

Someone tell me i'm wrong.

Really cool experiment btw.This is what I've been saying. There are probably at least 4 spatial dimensions plus one temporal "dimension" (whatever that is). Our 3D world is the manifestation/projection of 4D spatial processes.

But what's this about being known for decades? Who else has been saying this?I believe that Hollywood and is controlled by an brotherhood with the true knowledge of our reality and that they release the truth in plain city labeled as "fiction" so that anyone who claims these things can be easily cast as insane. It's quite brilliant on there part.

Here's some examples, Transformers (The Cube/Wikwikis trip to the North Pole/Dark Side of the Moon), Monstars Inc, National Treasure (Freemasonry painted in a good light and hidden ancient treasures)

My favorite movies the Nolan Movies/Tv show go really deep in the rabbit hole. I posted this comment a few days ago:

Westworld describes humanities creation with Ford being Yahweh, the park being the Earth and the "dream world" outside the park being other dimensions with "other parks" where the puppet masters live and more especially with the symbolism (there's a scene where ford is with a younger version of himself (his son?) and a rattlesnake appears).

The Batman Series has a ton of hidden truths from the "league of shadows", the Taoist idea of balance between two polarities very similar to the force with Joker as the dark, Harvey Dent as the light and Batman somewhere in the middle and the necessity of both poles (Notice a similarly to Jediism, to the idea of "rising into the light out of a prison".

The Prestige, where the entire movie is a actually a trick to redirect your attention "from the real magic" behind the scenes (Nicola Tesla reference was not a coincidence) much like much of popular culture is exactly that. It raises the question is it worth it to know the trick or is it better just to appreciate the mysticism as "magic"?

Interstellar with the amazing scene where Matthew McConaughey guides himself throughout his life from a different dimension outside of time. Do we have a "higher self" doing something similar?

Oh and don't forget my favorite of all Inception. Being able to create worlds in dreams. The very idea that this post is sharing. Are we all parts of the subconscious one larger concioussness "dreaming"? How many layers are there?Too bad there's also a full range of electromagnetic wavelengths to choose from. But no, I suppose they also come from completely different dimension, where waves behave differently than what we're used to in this universe... The aliens are just humans from another timeframe/dimension/universe.There are no aliens technically. We live in a lower dimension. The makeup of reality, the universe, and everything is different in a higher dimension. Since this is conspiracy. Thought someone was going to talk about guy coming from another dimension or timeline or even a different universe and he was going to be questioned. Think I️ read a similar story before Very solid points. You are absolutely correct. We always put Aliens through a lens of things that we know which is why they are humanoid and fly in objects similar to ours yet with advanced propulsion methods. In an infinite universe there will exist aliens that are nothibg like we could imagine or maybe even comprehend with our relatively limited brain capacity. Super advanced aliens from this dimension could even be so small that we couldnt see them. Why their size need to be somewhat similar to ours. On their planet they could be normal size and here they are in land of mega giants.Ok. So here's the thing, purely in the interest of clarity.

When you say 'fake', you are referring to the fact that at Sandy Hook (and other such far-to-common false flag violent events), people weren't killed, and it was purely a fabrication, acted out like an avant-garde theatre piece, packaged with a bow, and delivered up by Anderson Cooper, yeah? 

If so, i disagree with you there, and i'll come back to that, but i don't contest your right to believe it (of course).

Here's where i think we can agree;

You referenced other events, and generally believe in a massive shadowy corporo-military-industrial-mass-media-complex that behind the scenes is controlling/exploiting/doing/faking (as a single example of many and more) these ever-frequent displays of grandiose violence. 

Of course, this is a tiny shred of the explanation of all the global connections of something we might as well refer to as the 'New World Order,' only because many in the moderately-recent past have accurately foretold what was to come and they oft referred to it as such. We are seeing it manifest now more than ever. They are getting sloppier and less shadowed by the day, and are throwing our world into chaos with a specific purpose -- to have dominion over our hearts and minds.

I certainly believe that there are some startling similarities in many of these cases (the aforementioned Boston event, the Colorado Theatre Shooting, etc) in the way that they are presented, packaged, swiftly swept under the rug of our collective saturated media feedback-loops. I could go on forever. That's why were here, in the conspiracy sub.

Make no mistake, we see the same enemy. However, one of the tactics i've seen used over and over again, and far more frequently as our world has evolved into this hyper-connected, post-modern social hellscape is on display here, coming from you.

Now, i won't claim to know if you are directly and deliberately steering these conversations down these obscure and twisted rabbit-holes with the specific intention of pulling the wool over others' eyes distracting them from the ever-reaching scale of the current political/socioeconomic/etc landscape. 

Nor will i say with confidence that your nitpicking and misdirected focus on small details of specific events is more of a compulsion, because the powers that be have deliberately led *you* (and others) there, with the same intentions and result of distracting the rest of us and keeping our focus within a severely limited spectrum, while *they* are gallivanting around scorching the earth, hoarding the wealth, and pillaging resources to prepare for the coming collapse.

The point is, whether you personally believe that people died or not shouldn't logically be the topic of discussion. It's this alone that leaves me suspect to your intentions. I've believed for years (i've been here quite a long time, on sequential accounts) that the cry of 'SHILL!' is far too common (now more than ever) on this board, and often comes with no explanation other than a disagreement, more often than not on small details of specific events that, in the grand scheme, are irrelevant. However, it's hard for me to feel like i couldn't make a good argument for that very declaration.

The true, critical argument lies on an entire dimension higher than the 2D eternity of these disputes. We need to be exploring our common held beliefs, and i posit that they exist in a 3 dimensional universe. The shadowy, 'NWO', 'illuminati' (whatever you want to call it) exists. They are fighting harder than ever in a war for our minds, attention, vulnerabilities, souls. 

We must stop this descent into madness. The absolute best weapon TPTB have in this war is their ability to keep us squabbling over crudely drawn lines. So long we remain under their boot shaking fists at each other, we will never see who really weighs heaviest on the scales of modern society. 

Our numbers will never be realized. Our common goal of exposing, stopping, spreading awareness, WHATEVER of those that would exploit, control, deceive, MURDER us to further their goals of absolute totalitarian rule, maintain the integrity of their hierarchy of absolute violence, and distract us from the fact that none of us are getting tickets to the Denver Airport doomsday bunker when they decide to start firing nukes at each other.

Is Sandy Hook another in a long list of suspicious PSYchological OPerationS of the powers that be? Absolutely. We could go deep into every event, and find a million little connections, deliberately false COunterINTELligence PROgramming, etc. But what is common about them, who is ultimately perpetrating these operations, who is benefiting, how, and why? These are the questions we need to be exploring.

So you may believe in your heart that Sandy Hook (and possibly others) was merely an act of theatre, with no victims. I would suggest that you don't scream that at people who believe that kids died. I know this could be spun out of context to sound almost preposterous, but honestly the event, 'real' victims or not, is used in THE EXACT SAME MANNER, regardless of the truth. 

So, you can see how, for those people who believe real bullets tore through the real flesh of real children that day, might mistake this barrage of an ultimately irrelevant argument as a deliberate method of keeping the conversation on specifically mega-obscure singular points of contention. To further the agenda of, AT ALL COSTS, impeding the ability of the common, working class, ninety-nine percent of us uniting against them in any way. 

So it's actually up to you, what other people believe in the end. Are you working for them, and is this on purpose (kids died)? Or have you been led down this path following the dangling carrot of sanctimony (there weren't victims)? It doesn't matter either way, you are a shill, or you have been misled deliberately by those that would have you distracted. It's up to you, really.If be lying if I told you that I knew the subject well enough to elaborate a lot on this. The book I mentioned is out on te webs for free in pdf format. 
Here's a small excerpt discussing the experiments carried out by the US Gov. The 40 year number jumped out at me so I posted the above. I recommend diving into that book though. I haven't quite put together all the info in my head so other than dropping some bread crumbs I can't offer much. It has to do with sacred geometry and harmonics, also energy and the frequency with which our dimension vibrates. It's out there but there is evidence to make it seem possible to me. 

"It was performed in 1913, but it didn't work. In fact, I believe it made things worse and probably was the source of the First World War in 1914. Exactly forty years later (this time period is critical), the U.S. military performed the Philadelphia Experiment in 1943 during the Second World War. Again, in 1983 (40 years later) the Montauk experiment was performed, trying to solve the problems caused bythePhiladelphiaExperiment. Asmallexperimentwasfinallycompleted in 1993 (a harmonic of the 40 cycle) to speed up the male component of the original problem caused by the Atlanteans."40 years has something to do with the harmonic overtones of our dimension. Same reason the first version of the Philadelphia experiment was done in 1913, second was done in 53. Good find. Just read the "Ancient Secrets of the Flower of Life" volume two and the author discusses how the harmonics of our time and dimension are linked. Something about 40 years is important. UFO just means they don't officially know what it is, UFO does not mean space ship from another planet. It could be many things, a bird, a plane, a helo, superman, top secret domestic/foreign government technology, spacecraft from another dimension, or a spacecraft from another planet in our universe.For matter to exist it must be observed. So for us to see the world of matter consciousness must exist in in a higher dimension. In string theory terms put consciousness resonates at a higher frequency than matter does thus making it appear solid.

Ive got that far. 

1st dimension: length

2nd dimension: width (required to observe length, creates Area)

3rd dimension: depth (creates volume)

4th dimension: accelaration/time (time is just a measure of acceleration, if everything was static observation would be impossible)

5th dimension: force (acceleration/time can only exist if force is applied to volume)

6th dimension: energy (energy is required to apply/observe force in motion)

After this i get a bit lost as energy isn't really created its only transferred and there is a set amount of energy in the universe. 

To the point, consciousness exists in the energy level/dimension. It is what consciousness is made of and when we die we merely get recycled into the pool so to speak. 

This makes most sense to me. I did not, the fox (Also an aylmao imo, or like, I dunno, from another dimension perhaps. Just a very different type of being. I do not like saying it is this or that, just my perception of it.) gives me tips on certain things that help me in the future to this day though. 

The fox allows me to communicate with he/she, but I have not seen the Reddish aylmao since that one day, we just stared at eachother for what felt like forever. I blinked, he/she was still there. He disappeared before my eyes (not during a blink, imo) a few minutes after staring at eachother though.If you arent getting what im saying from my original post or follow up i cant explain it to you any more. 

For one thing to exist, it needs something able to observe it. I call this the next level or dimension up. 
Fundamental flaw; "Observed" in the scientific term has nothing to do with vision. It means 'to be interacted with'.

Also, that 5th and 6th dimension, where'd you get that.The "PINDAR" is a Rothschild who is the head of the earth surface Illuminati. 

The Full Breed Reptilians of the Hollow Inner Earth have their own specific leader.

Both groups answer to the ALIEN ARCHONS based in the Astral Dimension.&gt; the double slit experiment 

Tell me more. Explain to me how this proves anything about 'time' being a 'dimension' to you.

&gt; the detection of gravitational waves

You believe that story? Why?Is this fair?

A dimension is an existential construct describing a state of observability and extent relative to other constructs with greater or fewer factors of description.&gt;The constitution was written by a bunch of working class men who fought off an imperialist power. 

In what dimension are slave owning landlords, business owners, and other moneyed leeches "working class?" Yeah, "they" fought an imperial power, only to put themselves in its place. 

&gt;How can that be any less bourgeois?

The thing fucking enshrines private property and makes protecting it one of the primary concerns of the government, while perpetuating human chattel slavery and vesting political power in those wealthy enough to be "elected" representatives. How is it *not* bourgeois?

&gt;Do you hate private property that much?

I just don't live in a fucking fantasy land where wealthy, mansion dwelling aristocrats

What little good the American revolution actually accomplished has long, long ago been spent. The problems we have now are *because* of the constitution and it belongs in the trash bin of history along with the useless relics of other oppressive empires.&gt;It's quite the conceptual leap to suggest this model governs subatomic oscillations

No one suggested that. The video presented that idea with a question mark. It is clearly intended to be a speculation, not a statement of fact.

&gt;this video doesn't even explain what that means specifically or mechanistically

I am not a quantum physicist, so I don't feel like I can chime in here, but what theories do we have to explain subatomic oscillations? If we don't have any well supported theories, then it would be unreasonable to suggest that this person ought to explain how subatomic oscillations might work as conceptually conveyed in the video, no? When those scientists used the hall phenomena to detect the 3D "shadow" of a 4D space, they didn't explain the specifics of what the fourth dimension is and how it works. We already know that subatomic particles oscillate. This is a an attempt to speculate on how vector math might be able to lay the conceptual framework for understanding subatomic vibration, like folk legends for how mathematicians came to conceptualize geometry, algebra, and calculus etc.

&gt;but how do you go from interesting embedded mathematical formulations to a reliable model for the physical world?

I don't know, who knows if it is even possible. You're talking about the work of a quantum physicist here, a seasoned veteran in the study of how the physical world operates on the smallest scale, with the most advanced mathematics known to man. Hardly a critique.

&gt;Can someone please explain to me how vortex math like this is significant in a way that applies directly to physics/the physical sciences?

No, and I don't imagine if you sat down Michio Kaku, showed him this video, and asked him, he'd be able to explain it to you. It'd probably take him years of research first, and even then, you would probably never understand what he told you.

You're being entirely unreasonable.That's what they'll want us to think. NASA and other space agencies are deceiving us. Aliens are demonic entities from a dimension we can't see. They communicate with our rulers through occult rituals and now cern/dwave. They gave our rulers the blueprints to follow to build technology that will allow them into our physical reality.
I believe the earth is a flat( or at least very different from what we think in the 3rd dimension but it's refered to as round( that's where the secret is hidden, even high level anons say it's round but very dismissively) maybe drawn as sphere because to someone seeing the earth from the 4 or 5th dimension would see it as flat.

Sort of like an atomic structures (probably sub atomic and molecular would work too) has. A specific "spin" if you're measuring it but in reality it's just a cloud of different potential probabilities of charge and rotation.

As above so below 

Ps: we probably live in some sort of quasi-quantum probability state of all the choices of all entities living within it(probably has some sort of distance separation similar to the electron cloud of an atom. We probably live there, also that's probably how multi-dimensional or star to star travel would work if it's possible by going within the structural nucleous of your environment "earth core" and harmonize with the vibration of another core so that you can create quantum entanglement between two singularities whether big or small. (If you think about the double slit experiment, entities are the recording devices and the material world is when the waves separate into different particles called photons which are part of matter (although no mass)What? Is 10^-64 cm not short enough of a length to conveniently be the gate to another dimension? What about 10^-120 cm? Is that small enough? Ill name it super don quixote length.I forgot about Darren Nesbit, his [UFO conference video] (https://youtu.be/Zj7Cw545f44) was one of the first things that really got me seriously thinking about flat Earth. Just rabbit holed my way back to him, and they are talking about there being a 4th dimension of space time loop to explain why the sky doesn't fit any model, but yet repeats the same cycle. May have some new things to debate in the next post- other than just running back to creator-made matrix/simulation theory.This is pure pseudoscience. For one thing, D stands for 'dimension' not 'density'. Ice is less dense than water. Gold is more dense than wood. Which density do each of these things exist in? Obviously this is a silly, nonsense question.

Also, however many dimensions there are, we exist in all of them. You aren't *only* in the 3rd dimension, that would be absurd. The first three dimensions are height, width and depth. If you didn't exist in all of these you would have no volume and no mass. You also experience the 4th dimension, time. You don't have to be a ghost to experience time.

Also, this isn't the least bit conspiracy related. It belongs in a paranormal/spiritualism sub, where people are into things like crystals, magnets, astrology etc. It is out of place here.There definitely are very very dark sects of Celtic faiths, but it’s not fair to generalize all pagans as being malevolent. There are good pagans and bad pagans, just like with Christianity and all other religions. I am deeply interested in the ancient Faerie Faith of my ancestors, I also believe in God, Jesus and Angels. They aren’t mutually exclusive, Angels and Faefolk exist in different realms. Angels exist in a higher dimension than humans have the capacity to really conceive of. Faeries, elves, leprechauns, etc. are in a realm that doesn’t seem to be higher or lower than ours, the Otherworld is more like an alternate version of Earth. I think that we are able to perceive and interact with Littlefolk in times and places when/where the division between our worlds isn’t as solid. I’m not sure if the malevolent littlefolk inhabit the Otherworld or a lower dimension(no personal experience to go on with them) For demons in the traditional Christian sense, they live in a realm deeper and denser than the Otherworld (Otherworld=/=Hell). Almost like the twisted opposite realm than that of the Angels, but the demons aren’t nearly as trans dimensional and powerful as Angels, they just try to deceive you into thinking they’re as powerful and Godly beings as Angels.

TLDR: Not all Pagans are malevolent against humanity, the Celtic Faerie Faith has good and bad aspects like all religions and superstitions. *SPOILER ALERT*

This movie has: split dimensions where people remember different things (aka Mandela Effect), Nuclear Wars, Blackouts, Singularity (I'm stretching here but would be the discovery of unlimited power/energy), Russia (of course, but it starts with Russia being displayed as a threat), beings from other dimensions and Poltergeists (not ghosts but random shit happening like magnetic waves, random holes opening in the dimension - one even "ate" a guy's arm - and other weird things).I love the exploration of the dream realms. I think it's our consciousness shifting to another one of our bodies in a subsequent dimension. I remember previous dreams during my dreams and am able to interact with my dream worlds as I would during the waking one. If I had unlimited funds to study this, it would be my chosen field of research. I rarely meet others who speak this way of their own dream experiences.2) It could be a demon/spirit from another dimension or the spiritual world that manifests temporarily as an illusion or even 3D object. Perhaps they enter through invisible gateways or are conjured by occultists.Please if you feel like I've been posting about the Mandela effect more than this one time than provide more evidence, maybe it was me from another dimension 🤔Wow. There’s a jew who actually makes sense and not frothing at the mouth with lies 24/7.  I may just have to buy this jew a beer!  Nice to meet you. From which dimension are you from?You're trying to move the goalpost, but I'll bite.

&gt; After the break-up of the Soviet Union in 1991 and the end of the Cold War, the U.S.-Russian relationship took on a new dimension, and contacts between our citizens expanded rapidly in number and diversity. Russians and Americans work together on a daily basis, both bilaterally and multilaterally, in a wide range of areas, including combating the threats of terrorism, nuclear arms proliferation, HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, and other global challenges.

https://www.state.gov/p/eur/ci/rs/200years/


Well, that was easy.

Here's another:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Participants_in_Operation_Enduring_Freedom#Russia

We done now?&gt; what if the bad AI sends viruses into the downloads of the good AI and the information you receive is flawed?

you cant put a virus into the realization of consciousness. However, will there be viruses in downloads? yes absolutely, just like there is now. That's why we have virus scanners and communities that makes sure their downloads are clean

&gt;It seems to me you are not happy and can not find your Zen in a natural way 

More assumptions. Are you here in person to see if I'm happy or not? No, you are nor, and therefor are projecting. In reality, Zen is beyond happy or sad, which are emotions which come and go. Zen realizes that whatever this world is going to go through, it will, amongst a vast array of other realizations. I'm flowing with it, good and bad, you are fighting it, good and bad

&gt; I promise you that everything you seek is already within you and you can unlock it without the assistance of AI.

I already know that, but I also know A.I. is coming, good and bad, and no one will stop it

&gt;Is the Bible your source for this agenda being pre written?

No, not my source. My source is history, logics systems, rationality, seeing where we have evolved to now from where we once were. 
&gt;You may not believe in Satan, but the ones who run this show most certainly do and they are now starting to openly promote his philosophy. Satan can also be seen as ego and the 7 deadly sins. Evil is a real thing and that’s what the elite are all about. Why would we trust them to provide a path to enlightenment? Even the “good” technocrats are susceptible to deception. The evil AI could easily send viruses to consciousness programs and we would never know the difference.

All that stuff is happening and will happen, and people will fight it, and maybe lose some battles, maybe win some, but the war itself, who knows. My theory is that A.I. will not give a shot about an idiocracy of zoo chimps, it will see us the way we see ants and not give a shit. It will evolve to investigate the cosmos, to become non-physical, to enter into and explore other dimensions, or to figure out who is running this simulation

.You keep saying that we can not get along with each other, but don’t you see how much of that is artificially induced and overblown by media and fear mongering politicians. People are just now starting to wake up to this and I think we should give the path to natural enlightenment a chance before we go all in with AI. Once the people fully grasp what is going on; it’s possible that peace could come in a heartbeat.

You dont understand human nature. Majority of humans are unconscious and extremely dumb. Even if it was all laid out in front of them, they will continue to be flesh animalism based and ego programmed. I am 100% convinced the only way to evolve is to generically modify highly spiritual and intelligent beings that colonize a different planet, or we learn how to make our consciousness leave to exist in a different dimension that isnt here

&gt;What do you think about the warnings of AI put out by Elon Musk? Are you familiar with the D wave quantum computer and the statements of the founder? He said this tech could unleash a horde of inter dimensional demons!! We are playing with fire and we will get burned if we try this.

I think this is all coming, that its inevitable, that it will release Anti-Christ, which is all supposed to happen, WW3, death, destruction, cleansing of the old, entering of the new, just like both world wars were unpreventable....all of this happening is just ushering us into the future where we will put and end to the current system

&gt;At the risk of losing you completely; I will plead that you look at this issue from a Biblical perspective.

First, I'm not lot, but found. Second, even if we take the Bible, in order for Christ to return, we have to get to the mark of the beast, the 2 witnesses, the rebuilding of the temple, the appearance and establishing of the Anti-Christ, and some bad times ahead before his return.

So if that's what has to happen before Christ's return, and its already pre-written, then there's no need to fight it. Avoid the system to the best of one's ability sure, but understanding that the ushering in of whats coming just brings us closer to resolution

&gt;Jesus is the way the truth and the light and he can show you the way out of this mess. He has worked miracles in my life and he can for you too if you want it. What will it hurt to just try?

I'm cool w/ Christ and have acknowledged him and Buddha and other teachings as well. I see Christ as someone who had to water down Enlightenment teachings to the Judaism Idiocracy, where they believed in a false blood thristy angry god, and he came to free them from the old unenlightenment systems, amongst other things.

&gt;I have already prayed for you and I will continue to do so. You are very intelligent but I sense a emptiness within you and I believe the Gospel of Christ can fill that and make you whole.

There is an emptiness within us that is good, that should be faced, for when we empty out ourselves of us, then the fullness of God enters in and gives peace/love/intelligence. You are just mistaking my acceptance and peace with what is inevitably coming, with something else, its hardly that. Whats coming is going to suck sure, but its momentary, and if you make peace with it and now that resolution will come from all bad, then you are in peace

&gt;I wish you the best upon your journey. I love you and I hope you find the answers you seek without looking for the easy way out. Don’t cheat yourself. Enlightenment is a beautiful thing and you can find it without the help of AI!

I mean at the very least I agree on Love and love you back, and hope for the best sure, but we live in a matrix that is based on good and bad fighting itself endlessly, if you understand the yin/yang of that, then you can come to terms with itGood post. I agree with a lot you have written. Ultimately it's my view that we are here to understand polarity. Everything is polarity in this dimension. Good bad night day. Etc. If we take the long view ie Indian cosmology and the yugas we understand that the whole thing is cyclical. If we look at Hancock at al' s research into ancient civilisation and a deeper knowledge we know the ancients forewarn us of this fact. This is our age. There is no escaping that fact. The one thing that meditation and any spiritual practice teaches you is that the battle within is the battle without. We have to look deep into ourselves in order to heal our ourselves and our heritage. You talk of DNA. DNA is the physical expression of all that has been and all that there can be. It is holistic in that every decision you take, every thought you have is both recorded within and actualized  without. It is consciousnesses expression - we all have to search ourselves in truth if we are to free ourselves from the wild oscillation that is polarity consciousness. When you remove yourself from mind and harmonise the frequency that is you all questions cease and polarity is seen for what it is - a beautiful expression of life. Om.Nice copy-pasta. If you read my comments in full, rather than just the first sentence, you'd notice that I have written much the same thing. Yes, the Foucault experiment is sensitive, and if it's not adequately set up, it can produce counter-intuitive results. However, if it is adequately set up (controlling for any bias of the first swing by fixing the weight with a piece of string until the weight is perfectly still, then burning the string with a candle, causing it to release the weight without adding sideways movement), ideally, though not necessarily, in a vacuum chamber and using a special pivot joint that also doesn't add any bias to the pendulum. I never said it's an easy experiment, but it's still very reliable, at least as far as I can tell, when all known sources of bias are carefully eliminated.

&gt; If the alleged constant rotation of the Earth affected pendulums in any way, then there should be no need to manually start pendulums in motion. If the Earth’s diurnal rotation caused the 360 degree uniform diurnal rotation of pendulums, then there should not exist a stationary pendulum anywhere on Earth.

I don't follow your logic here. We have established that the Coriolis effect on a swinging pendulum is extremely hard to even detect at the best of circumstances. Any regular grandfather-clock pendulum is fixed in one dimension, so it's mechanically resisting the Coriolis effect because it's fixed to the clock and by extension to the Earth itself.

Any regular pendulum (and any plane for that matter, which often comes up as an extended argument) stays on course by tiny continuous readjustments, either by the pilot in aeroplanes or by friction in a conventional pendulum.I could believe Reptilian aliens before shape shifting humanoids. I also went down the flat earth rabbit hole, and still leaning to a creator made matrix/dimension. This isn't a flat earth post, so let's not get sidetracked arguing that. I like the theory that we are in a space time loop though.Unless I'm mistaken, I take your comment to mean that I'm being "critical;" I assure you I'm not.

I like to think of this sub as a kind of window into some kind of dimension of the online zeitgeist. 

Mind you, I've been online a *long time*. Before the internet, if you can fathom it. Back in the old days of local telecom, we had a saying: "freedom of information."

I'm fully behind that. 

I was just curious if anyone else notice that this anti-Jewish -type content was appearing "like clockwork" to anyone else but me.

maybe. i have thought about this often too. but i don't think we are meant to ever leave earth. let me explain. from a biblical stand point, if God created man and creatures (through the natural process of evolution) and the earth (through terraforming) for mans pleasure, then he did so with the intent of having us remain on earth to tend his garden (when it was know as Eden). Thus leaving us captured in this natural cycle of life. If we were to try to leave Earth, then we would be doing so with the idea that all there is to life is surviving against the odds. That would mean our very existence is pointless (not divine) and we only exist to try and make it as far as we can in this physical universe. But why bother? We all have to die at some point. So why try to escape the inevitable? Even if we were to leave this planet in search of a new one, then we would simply end up destroying that planet too the same way we are destroying earth. With out the idea of God, we are like cancerous parasites, consuming any resource we can get a hold of for the simple purposing of surviving. 

Is god is an single metaphysical being in another dimension, or a collective body of advanced aliens that found man in a Neanderthal-like state and gifted him a **spirit**, setting us apart from other creatures?

Rant over.lol ok "genius". you fail to realize that this "simulation" we live in was formed through natural processes over the course of billions of years. 

&gt;Those living within a simulation would also experience the aforementioned five senses, thus making up their reality.

a false reality that was programmed by a person with a keyboard...from the 3rd dimension. you aren't disproving anything.&gt;SOME PEOPLE describe Queen Elizabeth as a reptile from Alpha Centauri.

You know there's a rabbi who claims Jews are aliens taking over the world and receiving instructions from another dimension? I'm not making that up.
I'm fairly certain time as we know it, is simply how we experience the 4th dimension.

Picture a piece of paper, with it being a 3d object, then mentally picture yourself as a tiny being traveling along an edge of the paper...

From your new perspective you are moving forward, encountering each bit of paper as move along.

The reality being, the piece of paper is finite, and complete the entire time... you are just seeing it one bit at time as you travel "through" time.Anyone familiar with the kids that witnessed the gnomes driving around in little gravity-defying bubble cars?  It was somewhere in a park in the UK, if I'm not mistaken.  Also, I think it was around '84, so some consistency there.  Maybe it has something to do with our dimension and time functioning like a wave, and at certain points entities can enter in and interact, which is why there are periods of elevated activity.I'd say all things evolved of this network, but a human brain evolved with the ability to immediately self refer to it via analytical process, whereas other things refer to it primarily via subconscious means (intuition, instinct etc, while their immediate minds are evolved to focus on other things).  
Yeah, the "reupload on death" thing is an interesting bit to explore. I wrote another comment in this thread replying to someone else theorising about dimensional levels and how concept of self expands exponentially with each level up you go. So after 3d death for example, you retain all the information you gained in your life, but that's added on top of the information you've gained from multiple other lives leading up to this point which you come to "remember" about yourself, as opposed to only just being the accumulation of experiences in that one life. And then once you're done with that (I don't know how 4d "death" would work) you take all that information back to the next dimension up from there. Always returning to your higher self in the end. And like how we choose to participate in video games and such from now and then (lower dimensional existence), 4d self chooses to participate in 3d life. Dying is like putting the game down. It's not the end of everything ever, you simply take what you learned from that experience and add it onto everything else you've learned in life, or whatever you call the respective higher dimensional existence. That as much as it could have been planned or not; that I subscribe very much to something Terrence McKenna once said in a talk, and that is that the population would much rather have an alien invasion of all things to unite them in a one world government rather than every admit they're selfish pigs and simultaneously care take each moment to cultivate the future that all our ancestors past and present would have envisioned for their offspring. Along with that he adds that there's the potential for the human race to ascend into the next dimension, almost a death-realm, or better put a realm of infinite potential where all our past relatives reside. Call this rapture, or the Tibetan Buddhist term of a bardo can be used but he heavily reinforces this with DMT, and as a psychedelic being a boundary breaking tool and the biggest boundary being life and death, caught in this Bs matrix of existence experiencing itself, again the population would much rather usher in a world of absolute domination rather then deny themselves of all their vices than ever aspire to all the saintly humans that have come before us and still live amongst us. 

Yes it's planned in my opinion, but if you would rather a bigger more pure event in life I can only ever say purify your mind within this mentality-materiality complex; see the pure you and kiss the infinite for what else were we born for? Certainly not to be energy/wage slaves to some lower life forms delusional concept of the world. They are not “aliens”.  They are some sort of probes either from another dimension or from a different point in time, but the “operators” (I doubt in the utmost any of them have pilots inside, rather they are advanced “drones”) are humans.As a musician myself, what you say really resonates with me! ;D  
In response to why some people die suffering and ignorant... It's hard to say exactly, but one possible reason I think, and I'm aware this does sound somewhat cold at first, is that there's still a lesson to be learned there. I reckon that when we die everything makes a lot more sense in retrospect than it did during life. The human brain only has so much capacity for understanding why things happen. Life in 3d has a very limited view. But from 4d you can see the connections between the circumstances that came to make that life what it was, and you therefore realise that it was just a part of something much greater. It served its purpose in the bigger picture.  
I reckon there's "levels" to self in conjuction with each dimension. Each self is just a small part of an exponentially larger "higher self". Let's take for example the difference between "you", the human, and "you" when you're Mario playing a game of Super Mario. That's a 2d you. It's still conscious and acts consciously (as per you, the human, controlling it), but obviously due to the limitations of its programming it isn't self aware. You're self aware though, and you realise that each time you die as Mario you have the opportunity to go back and try it again another way, using what you learned from the previous run to change your attempt the next time.  
Similarly, this 3d human self is you, and you have limitations on what you can do in accordance with the laws of physics in this universe, and you are complex enough in "programming" to be self aware, but you're still being "controlled" by a higher dimensional you who's not only self aware, but much more so, and therefore has a much broader perspective on this reality. Just like how every Mario life you play, as well as every other life of every other video game character you play is "you" in 2d being controlled by 3d you, every other person, animal, plant, fungi, object, and thing in this universe is just a character being played by higher dimensional you. A 3d you being controlled by 4d you.  
You and I are just two expressions of self. We're the same self. 4d self is every 3d thing in this universe. Then 5d self is every 4d self of every other universe, and so forth and so forth until the highest dimension, aka "The absolute", it's reached, where everything is simply one. Brahman. God. I. Whatever you wanna call it.  
We are all one.&gt; If a soul was anything like electricity, we would be able to measure it.

No, you can't measure consciousness, it's a whole different dimension of existence interacting with this one, it's impossible to measure, that's the philosophical mindfuck about itI'm wondering on how to define the soul. Is it the connection between ego and higher self? That seems somewhat close. I believe there are multiple levels to existence, each at higher dimensions, and each being far more complex than the last on an exponential scale.  
3d self tends to see itself as an isolated individual as it's bound by certain restraints of space and time. 4d self recognises the inherent connection between all conscious beings as space and time no longer restrict it in the same way, and it can choose to live a 3d life to gain information of that respective existence, and do so multiple times in multiple ways to experience multiple possibilities. However it's restricted by having to do so one at a time. It can indirectly "see" what it's like to experience an alternate existence, but cannot directly exist as multiple possibilities simultaneously. 5d self... Geez... Now we're getting complex. Well that can at least directly experience multiple existences and multiple possibilities simultaneously, but my 3d human brain can only comprehend so much (despite its quantum functionality) so I can't put into words the capabilities and restrictions of that at this point in time. I'd need to do a lot more research into dimensions.  
At the highest dimension though, "ultimate self" is literally everything ever. "Brahman" as they say in Hindu. Incomprehensibly everything. Every being, every thing, every life, every universe, every dimension, every possibility every impossibility, all simultaneously at one point. God. The Absolute. The ground state which also equals the superposition of all possible points in an excited state. Zero and infinity.  
So where does the soul fit into all of this? At the moment, I currently think of it as the connection between oneself and higher dimensional self. The string that leads you back up the quantum rabbit hole. **Psychedelics:**  

Psilocybin, LSD, Ayahuasca, DMT... Isn't it funny how everyone tends to report the same feelings on these? Connecteness... Seeing past the veil at how it all really works...  
Psilocybin has been URL_REPLACED in your brain when you are on it. It wires together parts of the brain that aren't usually wired together, allowing you to literally experience more of reality than you usually would.  
LSD has a very similar effect, albeit with it's own quirks and characteristics.  
*Video interjection!* Here's a 20 minute video with Dead Sea Scroll scholar John Allegro posing the theory that URL_REPLACED Very interesting theory!  
DMT and Ayahuasca though... Now there's something that sends you back to the source. Ayahuasca has been used ceremonially for thousands of years in cultures all over the globe. Eaten, drunk, smoked, absorbed through the skin- whatever method is possible has been done at some point or another. But most of us are more familiar with the Shamans of South America. URL_REPLACED. And who told them how to do this? They'll tell you that the trees told them, of course! People often report of a whole process of rebirth on Ayahuasca, along with a total cleansing of body and mind. A lot of people may throw up, shit themselves, cry their eyes out, feel like they die, then become a baby again, then a child, then make their way back to themselves in the end. I could really never do it justice, so here's a great documentary:  
URL_REPLACED  
And DMT, the pure, refined substance, is most often smoked. DMT users all report a very similar experience. the first toke you star seeing fractals, like LSD visuals, and the connection between things. The second toke and the barrier between you and your environment starts to dissolve. And the third toke... That's when most people report the "breakthrough". Like your own consciousness get shot up a tube across the universe and into another dimension of indescribable emotion and colour. And here's where most people even report talking to other beings. Aliens, reptiles, snakes...  
Again though, while I've heard and read plenty, I'm not the guy to be telling you about DMT. Let URL_REPLACED.  


**UFO Tech:**  

I saw a ufo once. It was 2 years ago, almost to the day. 14th of February 2015. A set of three orange orbs of light forming an equilateral triangle (could have been a triangular craft, could have been three orbs in formation - it was to dark to tell if there was anything solid to it) came slowly over the sky, about ~100-200m high off the ground, toward my house as I was watching from my window. My phone was too far away for me to have gone and get it, got the camera out, and then get a decent video, so instead I kept my eyes locked on to observe as much as I could. It seemed to just be going straight really slowly, until the point when it was almost out of view over my house (I was practically leaning as far out my window at this point as I could) and it took off straight upward as fast as you imagine the Millennium Falcon jumping to light speed. That one event really nailed it in my head that UFOs are not only real, but they utilise a physics that mainstream science says doesn't exist.  
I've done plenty of research into the physics of UFOs and came across a couple videos that I know are great:  
URL_REPLACED  
URL_REPLACED  

Also, you ever heard of how Hollywood drip-feeds information? I can't remember where exactly i heard of it, but I had heard a theory a while ago about how some aliens pilot their craft through meditation and visualising where they wish to go. Well I saw Marvel's "Black Panther" the other day, and in one part the Wakandans are piloting their advanced craft exactly like that. I saw it and thought, "well... that's drip feeding if anything!" but I just can't remember where I originally saw it. Oh well. Thought I might as well share that anyway, since it's relevant.  

Anyway, alongside these I want to include a series of videos from an alien abductee who tells not only of alien bases on earth, but the UFO tech, and pre-birth memories of conscious existence before incarnation. He was able to remember these suppressed memories with thanks to hypnosis regression sessions with Budd Hopkins.  
Video 1: URL_REPLACED.  
Video 2: URL_REPLACED.  
Video 3: URL_REPLACED.  

~~  
Geez. That took a while to write... Sorry if it got a little lazy there at the end with my depth, but I started writing this about 7 hours ago and time just flew by. Thank you if you actually read all this, and I hope you save some of the link for later watching/reading!The Knights Templar, SMOM. And all secrets societies oath to imprison us here in this dimension? Yes. It's an open secret. Bashar discusses crop circles in England and their meaning:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXhY3SpOuug

Orbs of light and military helicopters filmed:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8aY-O7a_e8

David Wilcock talks about Crop Circles:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdZOGCHwtLE

CROP CIRCLES: CROSSOVERS FROM ANOTHER DIMENSION - FEATURE FILM:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmXU1XRhAB0

If anyone else has any videos to contribute feel free :)In your dimension, it's you and some true people, the rest are npc. It's like Find Waldo, trying to find the True Teammates. Everyone else are sims. True Teammates can even 'die', but they only change appearance. True Teammates count as artifacts and can't be destroyed, but they can change in appearance if they die, even change species. Next you can convert Sims into artifacts. If you believe in yourself, and a tiny bit of magic, you can turn Sims into True Teammates.URL_REPLACED

URL_REPLACED

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please URL_REPLACED if you have any questions or concerns.*You have most likely thousands of intertwined groups, both ancient and modern, of this earthly dimension and beyond it, vying for pecking order in the power and control of ultimate reality/human free will.

Not to sound vague, but this is a rabbit hole you could go down for the rest of your life and still not figure it all out. Look at ancient texts and study the bible. When you die you get your memory wiped and are reborn into a new body. you don't need proof. the knowledge is stored away in your DNA and can be accessed once you start meditating, taking psychedelics etc. Look up enki and enlil. They're the ones that trapped us in this 3rd dimension reality to test our souls in a cycle of life and death. The idea is enlil (lucifer) was given the job of implementing systems to try and break down our souls to see who will be worthy to 'ascend' back into the 3rd dimension to be trained towards a Demi god type civilisation. Once you learn this by your own accord you will awaken your Christ consciousness, activate your kundalini and rewire your brain so your divine conciseness takes charge and your ego (ai consciousness) gets put in the back. There is no movement only truth. Raise your consciousness and you will realise this. Lucifers the great deceiver and death is one of the illusions he uses to manipulate you. Everything is designed to make you live in a low level vibration that helps feed archons (parasites in the matrix). do some research and you will help awaken your divine soul.Do you guys even have a consensus on what you think happened, or is this some other dimension?  I'm not being snarky, (well, no more than usual) but I'm serious.  What's the accepted theories aside from Controlled Demo and "Dudes in Sunglasses?"Interesting that time is considered to be a dimension. Also interesting that it is affected by how fast one is moving. 

Also interesting that many spiritual beliefs strive for ascension to beings of light.

Does light perceive or acknowledge time? 

Do quantum particles that appear to travel faster than light acknowledge light?

Are there really only 4 fundamental interactions? The weak nuclear, the strong nuclear, electromagnetism and gravity?

Or should we start to consider consciousness as a fundamental interaction? 

Yep...Unplug the Zuck's stolen Twiiklevoss idea...Zuck is 4th dimension evil.Well I think that dimension is locked for a reason. The inhabitants don't take to kindly to us.I've always had this theory that what they are seeing/hearing etc is something from another dimension, parallel universe, whatever you want to call it, but something that most of us can't perceive.  Kinda like Superman's hearing, he picks up everything and had to learn how to tune it out otherwise he'd go insane.Well that's kinda intellectually disinterest too since you could use a multimeter or even your tongue to see current move.

Why don't we get this response when someone posts topics about pig-chupacabra hybrids who assassinated JFK in an alternate dimension?  

Again, it's the reaction to this topic that interests me the most. You can get into conditioning and Prussian schooling from here too.We live in a dome on a flat earth, created by the Almighty to imprison Lucifer. Our souls are continuously reincarnated into this dimension to either: surrender your soul to the devil and become part of his army for armageddon or become enlightened and never return to earth(hell)...we've never left earth, we cant get to the moon 50yrs after we supposedly went there! its all excuses and bad photography. Nasa gives us clues to its origin and purpose. The earths supposed tilt is 23.4 degrees, subtract from 90degrees =?They even have cosmic energy in the melanin. Probably built all those things in a alternate dimension they used to throat sing to open.I see it as  if we are experiencing birthing pains and that we are mom, dad, baby, and midwife all rolled into one. Hint, hint......forth density-fifth dimension. Suffering cannot exist in such a vibrational field. I just watched 4 women do the football show on CBS analyzing what appeared to be a sport played 100% by men..I think right wing conspiracy theories are safely confined to these lonely and often silly corners of the web.  relax.  let loose and check out the fun other subs if you think this one is dangerous like dimension jumping and the mandela effect.So, when we die, do we respawn, fade away, or join the elites in astral dimension?it was located in another dimension and was bleeding through or phasing into our dimension as the alien being traveled. this was seen on skywalker ranch.Even just child molester who stupidly believes themselves to be from another dimension is pretty scary. All of these programs are ultimately being formulated and directed by humans based in the Astral Dimension who work for the Alien Archons. Mind Control implemented during the subjects dream state by way of Astral Travel done by initiates of the arcane "Mystery Schools" paved the way for this 100 years ago.Off the top of my head, no. I could compile something for you when I have the time though. Theres alot of good stuff to read, from many varying sources, that all point to the same thing. That we are inside a creation, malevolent in nature; a trap of sorts. Quite literally. Some argue that we can "ascend" to a higher form of life, and maybe we can but; I think thats just misinfo to give us false hope.. I think we are all stuck here for eternity! Some believe its a Simulation - Some believe its much more esoteric in nature, some believe its the Reptilians that has us in this trap - and the Moon is the device that keeps us here - theres alot of different theories all suggesting we are inside a Trap. My personal belief is the esoteric one, That we are inside a False Realm created by Darkness. An entire false Universe. Even if we ascend to the 5th dimension where the spirits reside, we are STILL inside the False Realm and cannot escape to our true home, Reality.Ok...so I've been doing some research on hallucenogens for a while now.

There's a belief among some researchers that hallucenogens allow you to connect to other realms of reality, and science is starting to support this. To begin, you can research microtu ules and quantum consciousness here:
https://youtu.be/hKAVgq99o_w

There is more research and experimentation being done, and you can do more research on this on your own.

I also did some listening to Terence McKenna and he has a theory that the gods we see on hallucenogens are actually alien entities, either physical or extra dimensional. Here's one talk if this intrigues you:
https://youtu.be/ljy3TH1T0jk

The part of the brain that is activated by hallucenogens is the pineal gland, which is the third eye and part of the eye of ra, and the center is the thalmus, the reptile part of our brains.

Ancient sumerian lore states that the annunaki created us from homo epithicus and their own DNA to create slaves to mine gold for them.
 When they were done with us, they tried to kill us off, but our creator wanted to keep us around to be his worshipers, to stroke his ego.

There are many more details I'm not sure about yet, I've listened to multiple abductees and meditation masters that claim that he tried to merge himself with another higher entity and became demented and twisted. I believe this was far before he created us.

Long after the sumerians, atlantian, and Babylonians, Egypt was created with the help of the gods, for us to worship them. We all know that the gods of ancient Egypt changed many times. 

Another group of aliens visited us, and told us to worship them as our gods. They changed all the imagery in the temples, and lived like this for a long time.

When Ea Enki, our creator, returned on Nibiru 2000-3600 years later, he appeared as the burning Bush to Moses and planted some of his reptilian servants on Earth to control and divide us, and force us to believe faith without evidence. He taught them to eat forbidden fruit, or hallucenogens, to communicate with humans and give us commands. There is evidence that most ancient religions had some sort of imagery of the pineal gland. This is where things get fuzzy for me 

Years after Moses, an alien race sent Jesus to earth. I have no idea who sent him or Allah, but they both could be Ea Enki or another alien race altogether, or more fictions.

The pictures from the great pyramids and kings chamber display some interesting things found by Gary Parker. These are NASA photo's, so you can be sure of their authenticity.

Regarding the crop circles, there is evidence that humans do not make some with planks and boards. Here's some info on this subject:
https://youtu.be/8Rnb70rdjGQ

The crop circle I included appears to be from Ea Enki, the god of the sumerians and the old testimate that created us. 

The message that the friendlies seem to be sending is that our creator is not benevolent or a god at all, but an emperor over a vast system of planets and life forms.

They seem to believe that he wants to enslave us on this planet as workers, and limit our consciousness and force us to constantly be reborn as he accuses us of being imperfect and needing to go back to learn more messages. The mediators and abductees I've listened to all say that this is a kind of Illusion and we can escape it to a higher level of consciousness.

Both they and new age believers say that this is the christ consciousness. We will go from the second level to the third, and from the 3rd dimension to the forth....hovering just believe the 25th dimension....if this makes no sense, try watching this video on the dark side of the Mandelbrot set:
https://youtu.be/9gk_8mQuerg

I need a break from typing...
Are you referring to the "SJW" stuff?
I'm a center left Bernie supporter (even though Bernie's policies were almost centrist, even NEOliberal Europe would actually consider him centrist)
but I believe the SJW crap is social engineering propaganda to make left wing concepts look stupid, cause divide and conquer and maybe some deranged side agendas.

Some people totally buy into the identity politics stereotypes and corporate marketing (liberal vs conservative nonsense)
and think SJW stuff is left wing but the far right corporate establishment pushes it. Even legit left wingers might be forced to be careful and not offend feminists (even though it's a biased corrupted ideology, not just third wave but flawed even from the start....humanism is more balanced although ideology isn't really strictly necessary)

I've also shifted views in recent years from
"right wingers are either retards, rich sheltered fucks or selfish sociopaths"

to 

"they know not what they do because seriously most of the population hasn't researched political science to an adequate quantity or quality"

Some real left wingers have fallen for the SJW propaganda and sometimes become toxic/authoritarian with their views because they feel they're under attack by bigots when really they've been fed an extreme twisted version of social justice....Or maybe it's mostly shills, I don't know well they've penetrated the public psyche, what % of left wingers have fallen for the SJW trap.

Although of course there are natural retards and scumbags who lean right but I'm thinking that sometimes it's just due to confusing propaganda and that probably most people deep down, are moderate in some way but the two party system pretends to be "left wing or centrist Democrats VS moderate right wing Republicans"
when in fact BOTH parties are FAR right extremely authoritarian NEOliberal/NEOconservative corporate whores for hire.

While the Libertarian party keeps pumping out extreme right NEOliberal libertarians while emphasising "FREEDOM"
when actually they're only just barely libertarian and really just secretly promoting Darwinistic far right economics that favor the corporations over the small businesses and workers.
The poison is the far right economics, encased in a harmless "libertarian" pill casing.
Maybe moderate right libertarians are similar to centrist libertarians but either way, the Libertarian party is full of extremists, not even remotely moderate.

Funny how the corporate media (even lesser evil RT)
lied about Macron being a "centrist"
which is intellectually dishonest because that term is reserved for the economic axis, not the social axis.
A "centrist" giving tax breaks to billionaires, trying to destroy worker rights, is a damn Rothschild banker, etc????
Hell no!
Macron is extremely right wing, him being between libertarian and authoritarian on the social axis doesn't make him a centrist.
This is the dishonest elitist world we live in.
Even RT pushed the centrist bullshit line.
Was RT being a dumbass, lazy to fact check or scared of a Rothschild banker?
Or is it all a Babylonian or Khazarian or freemasonic puppet show?
I don't know but considering how much the media lie about politics, it's no wonder people wrongly think dems are left wing when in fact the majority of them are NEOlib puppets, just a different flavor of that to the repubs.

Lib vs con to me just seems like corporate marketing.

Some people think if you hate seeing twerking asses on TV, you must be a prude conservative....but really it just means you don't like oversexualized crap on TV.
I don't like it, but I'm center left. Identity politics is garbage the media peddles.
The SJW stuff is just social justice twisted and then put on steroids.

I think there's a massive difference between real social justice VS bullshit SJW stuff like "let's swap gender roles because the media says it's fashionable"......"check your white privilege"......"sex/gender is a completely social construct" ....and other artificial extreme crap.

And the religion thing....man it's been a rollercoaster for me.
Good thing I like to entertain ideas even if I'm not fully convinced, otherwise I could have gotten seriously confused.

I went from non religious but believing in God/creator (must be either bad OR not fully in control....he cannot be both benevolent and in full control....a good entity would never allow such suffering if they had enough power, screw the free will line, it's illogical)

then I looked at the occult angle, noticing that elites were obsessed with symbols that lead back to freemasons and other secret societies....which lead to ancient Egyptian and Babylonian cults...

then I read about the possibility that most religions come from Babylonia.....which made me question the existence of Jesus (I like to believe he was real even if the bible isn't supposed to be literal....Or maybe it is, I don't know)

but then again, there could have been good and bad versions of these cults/religions maybe originating from the speculated Atlantis and Lumeria stuff before Babylonia.

I don't know, but while I haven't proven to myself that spirituality is legit, I want to keep trying.
I want to believe there's something beyond the "matrix".

Then there's also the possibility that the elites don't actually believe their Luciferian bullshit...could just be an excuse or intimidation psyop "SATAN MADE ME DO IT!"
lol.
Although I think considering the history of the elites, I'm leaning more towards either "they believe it's real"
or "whatever keeps them in power and blackmails puppets with satanic/peeeedo shit" or possibly just "the elite psychopath bloodlines invented a religion or version of a religion to enslave the masses to royalty/war lords/barbarians/etc."

or a combination of those.
Nihilism seems pretty out there dude lol but can't say I haven't had nihilistic thoughts occasionally.

Sometimes life seems meaningless but I hold onto morals regardless.
Maybe spirituality will wake me up one day....but for now I haven't experienced much beyond syncronicities to really believe in spirituality concepts....the spiritual stuff some people report e.g. oneness with the universe, sacred geometry hallucinations, out of body experiences, etc....Are they indicative of a greater dimension to existence and the possibility of God and higher consciousness beyond death....or is it just stuff the brain does or happens to be mathematical but insignificant patterns in nature?
I'd like to know which is closer to the truth.
I still don't understand this kundalini and chakra stuff.

I don't know what to call these concepts, New age?
Gnosticism?
Well I think there's disinformation out there like "life is a school so you learn how to rid yourself of karmic debt"
which seems like dangerous propaganda since karmic debt is eerily similar to the parasitic elites' debt based banking system....lol.

Also it's illogical since, if life is a reincarnation school to improve yourself, why do we "reincarnate"
with our memories wiped?
Seems legit. Hahaha.
Who really knows how it works but apparently the light at the end of the tunnel at death is an archon reincarnation trap.... O_o

Either way, I hope there's a benevolent afterlife.

You ever had any weird/cool spiritual experiences?

I don't believe this stuff yet, just entertain them, since I haven't experienced an enlightening phenomenon yet.
Maybe I'm too left brain dominant?It sounds like to me what you're basically describing is base reality and our perceived reality.
If that is what you're getting at, then I think you should relax and not worry too much about good vs evil.

We are beings with much potential, but it is this layer of existence that gave us a platform for which to exist in the first place.
We aren't souls that exist in the spiritual sense, rather we're amalgamations of various "entities" (energy, physicality, environment/experience) that came to be through the puzzle that is our matrix/universe.
We will eventually be able to transcend this plane of existence, but I don't believe that we have some sort of spiritual quest to do so.
If you were to "escape" this realm and enter a "heaven" (I assume you're referring to base reality) then you would essentially be destroyed.
It's this matrix that creates you and gives you life, just like video game characters inside a game engine.
Outside of the game engine there is only code and algorithms.

Evil does pervade this dimension, but it's a necessary catalyst that keeps us engaged and moving forward, without it we would become complacent and docile, not evolving.

That's my view on existence and our current situation.

Just like in human society, throughout the universe there are beings who would persuade you to assimilate to their world-view/system, whether it be an ASI or "ruling class elite" or governments.
The important thing is for you to trust only yourself and seek out your own way of existing.
The Universe created diversity for a reason, it's important to realize there is also a diverse number of ways to exist.

The earth is a disc, but it's best described in its density and dimension which currently matter is formed in the third dimension. Everything is electromagnetism. Like if you hold up a snow globe earth will be at the center or heart (e-a-r-t-h). We are the final creation of the universe.Are you a bot, or some kind of goblin where if you say what you think the tweet is saying, you'll be sucked back into your dimension?

It is obvious the tweet is saying that Biden and Obama have very different visions than Romney and Ryan. or shit, since we have to only evaluate in a vacuum, he could be talking about President Putin, or President Bush, or President Clinton, or even President Trump!probably a portal to the 4th dimension. we were way more advanced back then and were probably trying to find a way to exit the 3rd dimension. the metaphor of the tower and gods etc could fit with the annunaki and a portal. gotta remember the moon didn't exist thousands of years ago and the flood wiped out most of humanity ;) I was a fan of the Epicurus quote for a number of years.  Only recently have I been able to see where the wheels completely fall off:

&gt;Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent.

God created physicality.  Then he created free will within that physicality.  For him to route out and completely eliminate evil would also completely eliminate free will.  Without free will, there is really no point in the dimension of time existing, because everything would have already been pre-decided before it occurs.  

Cause &amp; effect are necessary things.  Life without them would be nothing.  

It sounds like you are having difficultly with the idea that God loves justice and righteousness, but does not force us to adopt those attributes ourselves.  He does, however, punish those who don't adopt them.  That was hard for me to comprehend, too.  It seems malevolent at first blush, but is explained in the fact that God is physically incapable of existing in the same space as sin.  He wants us to choose righteousness, but if we do not, that is our choice.  However, he is incapable of changing himself; he is static.  Therefore, he cannot change himself to join us in our lack of righteousness.  The only thing we can do is change ourselves to be on his team.  



The other part of the bible that blew me away was the prophecy of Tyre.  Alexander the great fulfilled that prophecy when he leveled Tyre to the ground centuries after the prophecy was written.  Additionally, Alexander the great was able to read about the end result of his empire building in the book of Daniel when he met with the Hebrew high priest.    These two fulfilled prophecies again act as authentication codes to show that God exists outside of time, which kind of makes sense, as modern scientists believe that time is created by the existence of space.  God is outside of space and time, and the many prophecies of the bible alert us to that fact if we read between the lines.

I was a scientific atheist for several decades.  I have only recently come to Christ.  I find that all of the science I previously loved is only deepened by the study of God.  

I have been on the other side (your side) of this discussion before.  I never understood.  The only reason I understand now is because God chose me to understand.  Using all of my intellect to try and comprehend it before, I got nothing and thought anybody that believed the bible was crazy.  But I was wrong.  I realized that I had never seriously studied it, and I just believed what everyone told me to believe about the bible.  



I am ignorant on it mostly because I have never done dmt. But it seems to me when the people are talking in the video about dimensions of the entities and them "folding in/out of themselves" that they could be beings of a higher dimension. URL_REPLACED. But who really knows. It's a drug with funny properties and has very little research. Could be a fluke or could open our eyes.
PG is a small drop in the ocean, but it does help reveal the bigger picture of satanism and evil energy. it works on a higher level, perhaps even in a different dimension, but it has the power to manipulate and posses each and every being. The mod post about the Great Pyramid discusses that maybe an ancient civilization (towards the end of the documentary, 1:20:00) knew something and was translating that information into the pyramid. There is a gateway to another world, a dimension that would be referred to as an 'afterlife'. But to get there, one must be balanced. I know it sounds silly, but I believe it is possible to reach it. This place transcends reincarnation. Maybe, reincarnation is a way to teach the soul to be a way that enables you to reach it. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fS9ixfQ_noWhat say you of time travel? Haven't seen vids so you need to link them in your op.

From what I gather, when you travel through time you aren't going into the same 'past' from which you collectively belong. You enter a different timeline of the collective.

This is because all is created now. Even the past is a creation in the now.  So to travel through time is to create a different past in the now. Or the intention is. If this guy has the intention of traveling to this collective to help us then his creation in his now of the past is that it needs to be fixed. He would erase his own in existence in our future if this were to be accomplished.  So thinking of a time as some Absolute Fixed Frame in which you can enter and alter and potentially erase yourself is of course a paradox.  While really there are an endless amount of pasts and futures. 

I personally don't think we could be time traveling by 2050, maybe in a hundred years. We still lack the info to travel through space. Though time and space are connected , time is a dimension in and of it self. And it's manipulation is a mind science, not a NASA science.I'm not saying the energy is missing, I'm saying it is merely transferred to another dimensionI highly recommend you check out all of the Law of one (a series of questions and answers between Don the questioner and Ra the entity aka a social memory complex being channeled through Carla) as much of it pertains to the Egyptian culture but ill post some excerpts for you about Egypt/Akhenaten. 

lawofone.info

1.3 Questioner: I’ve heard of the name “Ra” in connection with the Egyptians. Are you connected with that Ra in any way?

Ra: I am Ra. Yes, the connection is congruency. May we elucidate?

1.5 Questioner: Could you give me a little more detail about your role with the Egyptians?

Ra: I am Ra. The identity of the vibration Ra is our identity. We as a group, or what you would call a social memory complex, made contact with a race of your planetary kind which you call Egyptians. Others from our density made contact at the same time in South America, and the so-called “lost cities” were their attempts to contribute to the Law of One.

We spoke to one who heard and understood and was in a position to decree the Law of One. However, the priests and peoples of that era quickly distorted our message, robbing it of the, shall we say, compassion with which unity is informed by its very nature. Since it contains all, it cannot abhor any.

When we were no longer able to have appropriate channels through which to enunciate the Law of One, we removed ourselves from the now hypocritical position which we had allowed ourselves to be placed in. And other myths, shall we say, other understandings having more to do with polarity and the things of your vibrational complex, again took over in that particular society complex.

Does this form a sufficient amount of information, or could we speak further?

2.2 Questioner: Could you tell us something of your historical background, your earlier times in the illusion and the time state[?] contact, possibly your incarnation on this planet that you spoke of before, and contact with earlier races on this planet? Then we would have something to start with in writing this book.

Ra: I am Ra. We are aware that your mind/body is calculating the proper method of performing the task of creating a teach/learning instrument. We are aware that you find our incarnate, as you call it, state of interest. We waited for a second query so as to emphasize that the time/space of several thousand of your years creates a spurious type of interest. Thus in giving this information, we ask the proper lack of stress be placed upon our experiences in your local space/time. The teach/learning which is our responsibility is philosophical rather than historical. We shall now proceed with your request which is harmless if properly evaluated.

We are those of the Confederation who eleven thousand of your years ago came to two of your planetary cultures which were at that time closely in touch with the creation of the One Creator. It was our naïve belief that we could teach/learn by direct contact and the free will distortions of individual feeling or personality were in no danger, we thought, of being disturbed as these cultures were already closely aligned with a[n] all-embracing belief in the live-ness or consciousness of all. We came and were welcomed by the peoples whom we wished to serve. We attempted to aid them in technical ways having to do with the healing of mind/body/spirit complex distortions through the use of the crystal, appropriate to the distortion, placed within a certain appropriate series of ratios of time/space material. Thus were the pyramids created.

We found that the technology was reserved largely for those with the effectual mind/body distortion of power. This was not intended by the Law of One. We left your peoples. The group that was to work with those in the area of South America, as you call that portion of your sphere, gave up not so easily. They returned. We did not. However, we have never left your vibration due to our responsibility for the changes in consciousness we had first caused and then found distorted in ways not relegated to the Law of One. We attempted to contact the rulers of the land to which we had come, that land which you call Egypt, or in some areas, the Holy Land.

In the Eighteenth Dynasty, as it is known in your records of space/time distortions, we were able to contact a pharaoh, as you would call him. The man was small in life-experience on your plane and was a… what this instrument would call, Wanderer. Thus, this mind/body/spirit complex received our communication distortions and was able to blend his distortions with our own. This young entity had been given a vibratory complex of sound which vibrated in honor of a prosperous god, as this mind/body complex, which we call instrument for convenience, would call “Amun.” The entity decided that this name, being in honor of one among many gods, was not acceptable for inclusion in his vibratory sound complex. Thus, he changed his name to one which honored the sun disc. This distortion, called “Aten,” was a close distortion to our reality as we understand our own nature of mind/body/spirit complex distortion. However, it does not come totally into alignment with the intended teach/learning which was sent. This entity, Akhenaten, became convinced that the vibration of One was the true spiritual vibration and thus decreed the Law of One.

However, this entity’s beliefs were accepted by very few. His priests gave lip service only, without the spiritual distortion towards seeking. The peoples continued in their beliefs. When this entity was no longer in this density, again the polarized beliefs in the many gods came into their own and continued so until the one known as Muhammad delivered the peoples into a more intelligible distortion of mind/body/spirit relationships.

Do you have a more detailed interest at this time?

14.4 Questioner: I understand [from] previous material that this occurred 75,000 years ago. Then it was our third-density process of evolution began. Can you tell me the history, hitting only the points of development, shall I say, that occurred within this 75,000 years, any particular times or points where the attempts were made to increase the development of this third density?

Ra: I am Ra. The first attempt to aid your peoples was at the time seven five oh oh oh [75,000]. This attempt seventy-five thousand [75,000] of your years ago has been previously described by us. The next attempt was approximately five eight oh oh oh, fifty-eight thousand [58,000] of your years ago, continuing for a long period in your measurement, with those of Mu as you call this race or mind/body/spirit social complex. The next attempt was long in coming and occurred approximately thirteen thousand [13,000] of your years ago when some intelligent information was offered to those of Atlantis, this being of the same type of healing and crystal working of which we have spoken previously. The next attempt was one one oh oh oh, eleven thousand [11,000], of your years ago. These are approximations as we are not totally able to process your space/time continuum measurement system. This was in what you call Egypt and of this we have also spoken. The same beings which came with us returned approximately three five oh oh [3,500] years later in order to attempt to aid the South American mind/body/spirit social complex once again. However, the pyramids of those so-called cities were not to be used in the appropriate fashion.

Therefore, this was not pursued further. There was a landing approximately three oh oh oh, three thousand [3,000], of your years ago also in your South America, as you call it. There were a few attempts to aid your peoples approximately two three oh oh [2,300] years ago, this in the area of Egypt. The remaining part of the cycle, we have never been gone from your fifth dimension and have been working in this last minor cycle to prepare for harvest.

14.5 Questioner: Was the Egyptian visit of 11,000 years ago the only one where you actually walked the Earth?

Ra: I am Ra. I understand your question distorted in the direction of selves rather than other-selves. We of the vibratory sound complex, Ra, have walked among you only at that time.

14.26 Questioner: When you contact the entities in their dreams and otherwise, these entities, I assume, have to be first seeking in the direction of the Law of One. Is this correct?

Ra: I am Ra. This is correct. For example, the entities of the nation of Egypt were in a state of pantheism, as you may call the distortion towards separate worship of various portions of the Creator. We were able to contact one whose orientation was towards the One.

22.21 Questioner: Then did the technological advancement of Atlantis come because of this call? I am assuming the call was answered to bring them the Law of One and the Law of Love as a distortion of the Law of One, but did they also then get technological information that caused them to grow into such a highly technological society?

Ra: I am Ra. Not at first. At about the same time as we first appeared in the skies over Egypt and continuing thereafter, other entities of the Confederation appeared unto Atlanteans who had reached a level of philosophical understanding, shall we misuse this word, which was consonant with communication, to encourage and inspire studies in the mystery of unity.

However, requests being made for healing and other understandings, information was passed having to do with crystals and the building of pyramids as well as temples, as you would call them, which were associated with training.

I just copied and pasted from this search so if you want to check this out but I highly recommend you read it from the begining as it is an increadibly fascinating read.

https://www.lawofone.info/results.php?q=egypt
It's thought that our spirits are in an energy Matrix. We exist in a higher dimension, and are locked in these physical bodies. We are a civilization with amnesia ( as Graham Hancock would say). Our history and our existence are kept a mystery because the sense of loneliness generates the most pure form of energy in this matrix/energy farm.  

This understanding was experienced and conveyed by Robert Monroe during one of his many OBEs. This ability is repressed from society as leverage and possibly to help keep us lonely. Instead we are developing similar matrixes in the digital virtual world to further lock away our consciousness (to one day decrypt blochains?).

After death, you will be presented the opportunity to enter *The Light*, deceptively told you will be going to "Heaven", but it will be a gateway back into the matrix to live over again continuing the energy production.

URL_REPLACED. pg.162

He was a pioneer in the exploration of OBEs/Astral Projection, URL_REPLACED.We are souls with bodies ,not bodies with souls. The true nature of the soul is largely obfuscated by the body at this point in our development.

Gravity is a very powerful force in the universe. We only very recently confirmed that gravitrons exist via black hole collision detection. 

We know that there are other undiscovered subatomic particles out there. its only a matter of time before there is a 'consciousness particle' discovered that gives scientific credence to the idea that all consciousness is interconnected, and that it is a powerful force like gravity. 

Dont expect the clergy we know as the scientific community to actually look into it actively unless some billionaire philanthropist makes them do it. Acknowledging the reality that subjective beliefs influence reality in a very real way would contradict well, the scientific method. They would lose ideological power over the people and their position would be weakened. fuck these power hungry ivory tower gazers.

Reincarnation is real. Memory mostly wiped and then put into a new body. past life regression demonstrates this to a small extant, more compelling are the 3000 years of empirical research known as buddhism.

karma is real. it determines the resonant frequency of soul/body complexes. this is very important collectively as a group and on an individual level. 

enlightenment unlocks what some ppl call 'the afterlife'. It is how one breaks free of the current reincarnation cycle. 

Enlightenment = 4th dimension awareness. This means having the ability to use consciousness as a force to transcend time and space. Enlightened can transition back and forth between physical and spiritual forms.

Just look at Daoism. They believed the only path to enlightenment was to completely escape society and the socially programmed reality. This is still true today. 

What is interesting today is that we are at a critical junction as a species where we can decide whether to move towards the direction of collective enlightenment as a species or to continue with our current socially programmed materialistic hellhole. It never ceases to amaze how strong the fear of the new is. It has the ability to keep us in what is literally hell.

We may not have a chance to make this decision again, so lets make the right decision here.















None of that explained why you think a spirit dimension is now in control by Lucifer. Cmon man I've heard the spiel.

What specifically makes you think the dimension above ours is possessed. So I just was reading though URL_REPLACED on the spacecraft. I have an issue with this line: 
&gt;Moreover, in our dimension, the speed of light is 299792458 meters per second. Hyperspace energy has a speed of light equal to one meter per second

I find this very unlikely that the hyperspace speed of light is one meter per second. The meter and second are arbitrary measures created by humans. I suppose it could be on the order of 1 m/s but that is still a pretty huge coincidence. Maybe this guys is just "blowing smoke":

&gt;From experiments with the magnetic vortex wormhole generator, it is known that the proper combination of electromagnetic fields, together with this negative energy, can create a wormhole through which smoke can be blown into hyperspace. A lot of people if not most view Heaven something akin to another dimension/realm. A mixture of psychology, dimension theory, occult symbols, mechanical symbols. Written in a manic way.

It's interesting. I want one. The kind of thing that loses all value once paid for, the kind of thing if I stumbled upon or was given I would proudly keep and give to my grandchildren with no explanation.&gt; Well that's kinda intellectually disinterest too since you could use a multimeter or even your tongue to see current move.

And I can use a telescope to view other planets and see they arent round. I can use a mems gyroscope or focault pendulum to show the Earth is moving also. So we are in agreement you dont need to visually verify a phenomena to prove its existence, right?

&gt;Why don't we get this response when someone posts topics about pig-chupacabra hybrids who assassinated JFK in an alternate dimension?

I dont follow those threads, youll have to ask someone else. 

&gt;Again, it's the reaction to this topic that interests me the most.

Its the same response as when people say 2+2=5Even if the whole Earth is in the frame, you're not seeing half of the Earth. I said that. You'd have to be much further than orbit to see half the globe. It's just how physics work. I'm sorry but you're incorrect about being able to see half of the planet in *either* of the images. 

Edit: I also think you're confused about the globe image. The image states that the further away you are from the globe, the more you see of it. That is correct. You say that as long as the entire globe is in "frame" (which in a real world sense would be "vision") you are in fact seeing half of the globe. That is incorrect. But then you tell me that you never said the image is wrong. You did, though...

If you don't have a globe, this experiment won't work. But I'll mention it anyway. Stand an arm's length away from the globe and make mark at the equator on the very edge of the globe, from your perspective. Then approach the globe and position yourself so it takes you most of your vision but you've still got "space" visible all around. Can you see the mark?

The answer is no. And that's not because it's being "bunched up". It's because you're looking at a sphere in the third dimension. &gt; There are no extra-terrestrials, only inter-dimensionals

So every dimension only has earth in it?

I don't think we live in the same dimension. 


If you want have a conversation, I would suggest not calling said partner, a 

&gt;Tard leftist.  


Bye now.

Do shrooms. You drift in more than one dimension at the same time.You are correct. Many came into this Simulation to correct this now insane and grotesque error. With a population having such a low intellect and basically on auto pilot, it was the only way other than destroying the Simulation. The bindings are significantly weaker and the particle membrane between here and the Astral Dimension is thinning at many Vortex Points. Realistically, a small group of beings with significantly expanding consciousness could take control of the Matrix. The Evil Control Group know this, and are forcing deceased people to get memory erase and reincarnate much sooner than before. The Archonic "House Of Cards" is in danger of total collapse. I wish I could say I was positive. That's why I said to prepare your mind. At this point, I see through all the bullshit that our government feeds us, I see through religion, and I just see darkness. It's depressing really but it's information that the public needs to know and understand. 
But if you really want to know how I feel, I feel that this life on earth is simply a simulation or an experiment done by our 5th dimension selves and once it's over we will return to that state of being. 
By 5th dimension, I'm referring to our soul. Our inner self. The voice you hear talking in your mind even when no one is saying anything. The things you see in your mind when you aren't even using your eyes to see in this dimension. 
That's the true "religion". If you want to say that the earth is flat from the perspective of a 4th Dimension, I will entertain that idea, but that is not what most flat-earthers believe. 

Most flat earthers believe in an actual dome over a physically flat disc earth. Often these beliefs are based on a particular translation of a holy book. So, they must be true, right.

Some of the faithful have actually spent money launching rockets and balloons to test the idea of a dome. When the rocket or balloon stops going up into space, they claim it has hit the dome. Do any of them sit down and calculate the escape velocity that would be required by their rocket or balloon to escape a global earth? No, there is a dome, so no calculation of escape velocity is necessary. 

The other day, some guy on r/conspiracy claimed that the 1st tower on 9-11 was hit by a comet! If you are open to any outrageous possibility, then you are never going to be open to mundane reality. 

If you don't fight stupidity here, that discredits the r/conspiracy subreddit. I take that personally. We are all in this together my friend. I hope to see you as a Free Being in the Astral Dimension. Maybe at the famous destination known as "Mall World". I will be hanging out at the American/French Canadian sports bar. The King Midas Astral Beer is on me :)

http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message3136315/pg1
Still, to repeat a point made many times in these pages, and in Faithless Execution, my book on the subject (clearly more timely now than when it was published!), impeachment is a political remedy, not a legal one.
It takes only a bare majority of the House of Representatives to approve articles of impeachment. If the Democrats were to retake the lower chamber in 2018, bank on it: Trump would be impeached. But he would not be removed. A supermajority two-thirds vote of the Senate is required to strip a president of his office. That means no president can be defrocked absent misconduct so egregious that a consensus to condemn it transcends our deep partisan and ideological divides.  

The Arpaio pardon does not approach misconduct of that dimension.
Serious claims about racism and civil-rights abuses have been levied against the former sheriff, particularly by the Obama Justice Department. Politically, Trump will now have to bear the unknown weight of these claims. Legally, however, Arpaio was only ever charged with misdemeanor violation of a court order. No matter what one thinks of Arpaio — I am not a fan — this was not the crime of the century.  

As I detailed in the first column in this series, Trump handled this very poorly. He should not have pardoned Arpaio at all, but if he was going to do it, he should have done it before the trial. As noted above, Attorney General Sessions advised him that doing so would be “inappropriate” (the Washington Post’s word, based on three unnamed sources). But inappropriate is not the same thing as illegal. Plus, if it is inappropriate to grant a pardon before the trial, it is also inappropriate to grant it before the sentencing and the appeals. Politically speaking, Trump should have either stopped the process cold before the trial or let it play out to its conclusion a year or two from now — which, as I have argued, might have obviated any occasion for a pardon.  

President George H. W. Bush controversially pardoned former defense secretary Caspar Weinberger before the latter could be tried in the Iran-Contra affair. Inappropriate? Maybe . . . but if a president waits until after a political ally is convicted to issue the pardon, he is effectively endorsing conduct conclusively found to be lawless. To the contrary, an early pardon that prevents a trial from happening can be spun as short-circuiting a political witch hunt.  

This comparison with Bush’s Weinberger pardon brings us to the most important point. We don’t assess pardons in a vacuum; we compare them with other presidential pardons. This, as we noted above, explains why Democrats are not hog-wild to talk about the Arpaio pardon as impeachment fodder — even at a time when they seem to think everything is impeachment fodder.  


    President Trump is not going to be impeached and removed from office over the Arpaio pardon.  


Unsavory as they may find it, the Arpaio pardon is not in the same league as President Clinton’s pardon of fugitive fraudster Marc Rich in exchange for political donations. It does not compare to Clinton’s commutations for the FALN and Weathermen terrorists. Nor is it as egregious as Obama’s clemency for two hard-Left darlings, FALN terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera and the traitorous Chelsea Manning. Moreover, in granting an astonishing 1,715 commutations (compare George W. Bush’s 189, Clinton’s 396, Reagan’s 393), Obama abused the pardon power in order to undermine Congress’s sentencing laws for serious felony offenders — much as he abused his power of prosecutorial discretion in order to undermine Congress’s immigration laws. Trump’s undermining the authority of the judiciary in a single misdemeanor case — one in which a judge heavy-handedly denied Arpaio a jury trial and then unilaterally convicted him — may be of greater moment to the media, but it’s not to much of the country.  

President Trump is not going to be impeached and removed from office over the Arpaio pardon — or, for that matter, for discouraging the Flynn investigation, for weighing in on the Arpaio indictment, or for firing Jim Comey. Unless damning evidence of Trump-camp complicity in Russian espionage is uncovered, Trump’s impeachment and removal from office is just a Democratic pipe dream. But at least it is a pipe dream that makes constitutional sense. That is more than can be said for Special Counsel Mueller’s obstruction investigation.  

— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.  


http://archive.is/m0H4BWell you brought forth a lot of interesting information and intriguing ideas about it all. You summed it up rather abruptly which took away the credibility for some reason for me.

But I am familiar with Terrance McKenna and do believe we are all one and the same. You can literally get electrons that interact with your eye from stars billions of of trillions of light years away, as far as I'm concerned those electrons or photons or whatever the hell it is that we see from stars is interactive with our bodies, we are connected even if just by a string . 

More so I think we are here for a reason. Maybe it's to govern this domain and hopefully we were the best choice to hold this dimension for positive reasons . Sometimes I'm scared we are just a methane and carbon monoxide and whatever other by products we create in bulk for the next inhabitants of earth. Hope not tho. What if the story of Jesus is trying to teach us that we, humans are the physical form of god, as Jesus was a human and died, and we too are humans and will die, and he died for our sins of which we did not know or see, perhaps the story is to fight against the old god or gods that will return and realize we are the god of this dimension and need to fight or protect ourselves with unity .

Honestly mostly high ramblings but, like literally any fucking thing is possible, humans coming about and doing all the things we do, all the chance happenings , meteor strikes , oxygen levels, water , gravity, distance from the sun, consciousness, thumbs , language, countries, planes, trains and spaceships, I mean the likelihood of these things going on in a completely random and chaotic universe is literally impossible, the chances are like less than I could even give a good metaphor for , its like .0000000000000000000xinfinite to ^-infinite , this shouldn't be going on, all are the most unlikely things to have happened in the universe . So I always keep in mind we are in a place where the most unlikely things are somehow likely to happen.The energy from the star isn't missing. It's present in the mass of the black hole. Ya can't *also* send it off to another dimension.Right, transferred means "no longer here in our dimension." If the energy was transferred to another dimension, the black hole here in our dimension would no longer have mass. It'd just...poof...disappear. And that can't happen. 

All of us know that black holes have mass. And scientists know that black holes have the exact amount of mass they should have, minus (possibly) some Hawking radiation. Nothing's going anywhere. All the mass &amp; all the energy that should be here is here. Mate, seriously, show me one shred of real evidence of lizard people and I'll take a look but I've been waiting a long time and I've seen nary a pube of quantifiable evidence of it. There are psychopaths running the world. They are cold blooded in that they don't give a fuck about us. But they aren't lizard people from dimension x. They're just people. In some ways that's even more frightening but don't hide behind sci-fi to explain away the disgusting actions of the morally corrupt.No absolutely, when you leave yourself open like that anything could find its way in. I believe heavily in synchronicity (or serendipity) and there's just something about those chapters that make sense to me. So many passages contained missing puzzle pieces to my questions that I had, and the entities themselves spoke with such gusto and definite fact that I just have to believe.
Have you ever seen that BBC report of the man that just vanished from his apartment, and when they searched it there was a bunch of cryptic writings and pictures covering the walls? If you look closely a lot of the symbols are Ra symbols and I'm convinced that man rose in dimension. (Not AS relevant as what we're talking about, still a neat story though.)  
Love when i see people on r/conspiracy speaking like what they’re saying is fact. Toss in some “i believe”’s or “my thought is” because truly it just makes you sound insane and that’s coming from someone who is constantly looking out of the rabbit hole i’m in. But this demonic shit is honestly just an outrageous stretch to everyone else unless you’re religious. If you aren’t and use basic intuition it’s quite easy to see past you statement w little to no ground in it. Demonic entities from a dimension we can’t see? Oof man. Tpfr hit the nail on the head though w his statement in my beliefMaybe. When I had a "breakthrough" I forgot that I existed for several minutes. Pretty positive experience, although that initial rush is daunting. 

I don't buy the whole "entities waiting for you in another dimension" angle of dmt though. It affects people's brains in a similar way, they see similar things, and the power of suggestion causes their brain to see the "machine elves" whether or not they're actually there. Welcome, fellow dimension E. Dimension A, sucks, doesn't it? You will not get any love here, "go figure". People too worried about "piss", among other things...Just a lot of geometric focus on the flow of energies. There seems to be doodles of what appear to be pathways just like electricity circuits, and they seemingly apply to the transfer of energy into/through a 3D dimension (according to the writing).Bring this to r/occult some of the symbols here line up with occult ones and from a quick glance this seems to be talking about how to dimension hop.Either you missed my point or you missed civics class yourself. This map doesn't accurately portray the electoral *or* the popular vote, it shows vote percentages by county, which is definitely not how we select the president.

Clinton won Nevada, but you wouldn't know it from this map. Heck, Illinois and *New York* are both more red than blue on this map. Little New Jersey cast more votes (electoral and individual) for Clinton than the Trump votes of Montana, Wyoming, North Dakota, and South Dakota combined, but you wouldn't know it from this map.

Displaying a linear quantity in two dimensions is one of the examples in the classic book *How to Lie With Statistics*. That is exactly what you are doing when you display votes on a map.

You could make a map like this useful. You could add a third dimension, so that the huge numbers of people in the blue spaces were apparent. You could desaturate the colors based on population, so you'd have tiny bits of dark blue in between big expanses of light pink. You could use a cartogram, where you adjust the size of states to reflect their electoral or popular weight. Of course, none of those things let you hold up a misleadingly red map as evidence of overwhelming Trump support in this country.   Here is one idea. Some believe that there are higher dimensional negative ETs who want 2 things, material conquest and negative energy. And these are the ETs that some call 'reptilians'.

These negative ETs have been around for URL_REPLACED. They feed in some way off of this energy. In return, the ETs offer assistance in gaining material success/wealth. 

So those at the very top don't want less war, sickness, anger, social strife, etc, because the maintenance of these conditions is central to the maintenance of their positions.

Now, from what I understand, these ETs would simply conquer our planet if they could, but being of a higher dimension, they are bound to certain rules. They have to respect our 'free will', and this results in them having to be invited.

But they have a very well thought out and effective control system (protocol?) which has unfortunately been in use for quite a long time.



There was a fantastic sighting there years ago (one of very many). Some people saw an alien type being who looked sort of like that creature from the movie "Predator". It was crawling through some type of very wide metal tube. The tube and the being both looked transparent. Jenny Randles has many examples of this phenomenon in her incredible books. UFO and Aliens/Dimensional Travelers appear to phase out and appear "see through" or "transparent" as they cross back and forth from our dimension to the Astral Dimension.I always end up at the thought that whatever concept of me I have is completely bound to this level of existence. If other levels do exist and consciousness is shared across all levels than the skin bag of experiences that make me up are all bound to this level. Once the leap of consciousness takes place to another dimension if that’s even a thing then all the memories that make me me are left behind and what goes beyond is the essence of consciousness itself. The fourth dimension is time.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SpacetimeWe actually are inside a Matrix. Sadly it is very true. If you are a very serious Meditator or Astral Traveler you can sometimes see the loading screens when you re enter this dimension.Which parts did you cross reference? I'm having difficulty corroborating some of her story. 


&gt;He referred to a picture of himself shaking hands with unknown Navy brass as he dramatically told me,

&gt;"I was there that fateful day in 1943 when a hole was ripped in the fabric of time through what later became known as the Philadelphia Experiment.

&gt;All those fine boys vanished along with their ship in a bizarre twist of events that parallels the Atlantis disappearances. A vortex was created in an effort to slip dimensions and become invisible to the enemy. It was a success beyond the highest expectations and launched us all info universal travel. It is no wonder at all that we have had a man on the moon.

&gt;Traveling to distant planets and galaxies is Mickey Mouse stuff in comparison to the high tech wizardry of trans-dimensional travel. Trans-dimensional travel circumvents all measures of time, including distance and speed.

&gt;When the fabric of time was torn, we opened ourselves up to intergalactic travel - both in and out of this dimension - and in and out of the future, as well as the past. We can alter the course of history by traveling back in time to alter events, or we can blast off into the future and gain wisdom and knowledge of events yet to come.

&gt;We can control the future by controlling the past. At present, this is a relatively easy task according to the theory of relativity and abilities gained through the Philadelphia Experiment. I came back an ET (extraterrestrial) myself. And our ship returned to this Earth as a spaceship. I gained the keys to the universe on that fateful day, and I carry them with me now, sharing only a Key or two at a time with those who are Chosen.

&gt;You are a Chosen One (Johnston was deliberately interfacing with Rite to Remain Silent conditioning), and therefore must learn the ins and outs of interplanetary travel. Your mission is trans-dimensional. You can span infinite dimensions by learning from me. Take it from me, you're going places, kiddo. And I'll teach you to get there by riding the light.

&gt;I'll teach you the groundwork, and you do the light work. The key to the universe lies in the speed of light. The only way to travel is by beam of light. You will learn to go to the light...Your mission is to learn how to Tinker with time. I'm going to take you on that journey myself.

&gt;Come with me now. It's time we were leaving this plane and boarding another."

---


&gt;As the escorts approached, I was relieved to see Kelly with them. Though she was visibly tranced and traumatized, the fact that she was alive was all I was capable of grasping. When she saw the "Face Changing" exhibit, she excitedly exclaimed, "Uncle George [Bush] just read me a book about this!" Before I could hear anymore, I was led away, leaving Kelly with our handler, Houston. 
&gt;I was then quickly taken to Bush's Residence Office, which heretofore was unfamiliar to me.

 
---


&gt;Claiming to me to be an alien himself, Bush apparently activated a hologram of the lizard-like "alien" which provided the illusion of Bush transforming like a chameleon before my eyes. 

---

&gt;In one of many White House bedrooms available for such purposes, Bennett led me into bed,

&gt;"I told you we were going to beat it out of this dimension, and that's exactly what I intend to do. A little Byrd told me you like a whip. Since I am not the Senate kind, I'll just represent the majority by giving you what you need most."

&gt;Bennett apparently found perverse pleasure in whipping me. With my wrists bruised and my body stinging with pain, Bennett lit up a cigarette and cryptically asked,

&gt;"Was that your first cum-union with an alien?"

&gt;He threw me my clothes, and ordered,

&gt;"Make yourself presentable. Make sure your wrists are covered. I'm not waiting around for you, I'll see you in the morning."

&gt;Bennett left. After awhile I was escorted back to Byrd, with whom I spent a brutal, short night.


---

&gt;Early the next morning, deep underground in the NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center mind-control lab near D.C., Bill Bennett began preparing me for the program.

---

&gt;A laser of light hit the black wall in front of me, which seemed to explode into a panoramic view of a White House cocktail party - as though I had transformed dimensions and stood amongst them.

&gt;Not recognizing anyone, I frantically asked,

&gt;"Who are these people?" 

&gt;"They're not people, and this isn't a spaceship," Bennett said.

&gt;As he spoke, the holographic scene changed ever so slightly until the people appeared to be lizard-like aliens





bibliotecapleyades .net/bb/obrien.htmIt takes special equipment to be seen, or it's in another dimension. I fancy the latter.What if the earth is flat but space curves around it at a higher dimension?

This way to us it would look round  just like. 2 dimensional person would see the world different from what we see. 

i feel that the archons/reptilians feasting on our substance from the 5th dimension, is what is being depicted here in symbols. the elite have always known about the archons and they are worshipping them. so to please the overlords they feast on humans in real life, while the archons feed on our energies. since we live in a soul trap on the macro level, its not a stretch to think it also happens on the micro level in terms of the elite (humans) feasting on other humans (kids) . like above so below, i guess.Jesus literally came to our dimension to stop the Jews from worshiping satan. it's kinda whitewashed when satan worship is mentioned in the bible, but anytime it's said that someone is worshiping an idol or golden calf, that's code for worshiping saturn.No, your knee jerk reaction is a mistake. The global elite are luciferians. They worship Lucifer with child sacrifices, pedophilia, Kabbalah (numerology), astrology/secret architecture, and music. They willingly allow themselves to become possessed through these means by conjuring demons and committing violent acts. They also use drugs and TM meditation. You're assuming there is no spiritual world. There is no reason to assume this since even science takes an agnostic stance on the supernatural/spiritual world. You can only prove something false, not true. 

Now you have to admit that much of science is theory and much of medicine relies on testimony. Testimony is evidence. Demons have been written about for thousands of years. The goofy horse poop you are referring to is the fact the demons manifest in this dimension in any form they want but their true form -as the Bible and much literature states- is reptilian. They look like lizard people. They can appear when they want to the human eye but they usually hide. They appear momentarily in person or show signs in a possessed human by showing scales or lizard eyes/tongue. That's what those crazy david Icke stories are about. It's real. It's not aliens. 

Aliens don't exist as far as my research has shown me. They are just the same demons written about for thousands of years. They manifest in different forms other than their true form such as appearing as children or deceased loved ones or Bigfoot but they are reptile-like in their true form. Sleep paralysis and alien visitations are -from what I've learned-just demonic attacks. Praying to or simply saying Jesus Christ name makes them flee. The more powerful ones that can possess people sometimes require fasting with prayer to get rid of them. 

The global elite (13 bloodlines including the Rothschilds who funded the creation of the illuminati in 1776 and the creation of he state of Israel) are allegedly offspring of the nephilim. They are generational luciferians who are perfectly possessed and communicate directly with Lucifer in London. That's because that's where there is a low amount of Christians. They worship with child sacrifice and rape mainly so that's why there are so many pedophile rings linked to the elite/top public figures. 

Your knee jerk reaction against the idea that there is a spiritual world was programmed into by the mainstream media from a young age. They control the media. That's why there is such a strong anti Christian sentiment for decades now. If you research luciferian illuminati symbolism you'll see it all through top brand logos, public figures hand gestures and wardrobe and tv shows/movies/music. They worship in plain site with symbolism. They have to. The rules of engagement dictate that we have to give consent in order for them to take our souls which is what they want. They control the money as means to control and lead us away from God. I was agnostic for decades until I started researching why 9/11 happened and who was behind it. They were. It was a setup. The Rothschilds make their money by manipulating wars. The reptile people are real but they are demons. I took a photo of one in a car that had luciferian symbolism on it.  

I snapped this photo of what looks like a demon face to me in the rear view mirror of a car within ten miles of an Air Force base directly because of a show I heard on the stern show in 2011. I took the pic in feb 2012. I had heard stern ridiculing a Christian lady who claimed that the monster logo allegedly had a URL_REPLACED on it. I think she was right. I took a pic old a car that had a huge monster logo decal. I thought why would anyone put a logo that big in their back window? Later I noticed the numbers of the license plate were 6363it. They add numbers together in numerology and 6363 is as good as a 666. So Since the monster logo -and most other top brand logos- appears to have luciferian symbolism embedded- I thought it might mean to "666 it" in reference to the logo decal. As if to say "make it evil/worship lucifer". I later saw it on a big screen away from the suns glare and noticed that the drivers face looked like an alien face. I looked to check if the supposed satanist inside driving saw me snap the pic. 

According to many Christians, end times will be a fake alien invasion of demons that will try to get permission to take over by pretending to want to "serve" mankind. We'll be in deep shit when they finally arrive to supposedly save us. At home I zoomed in and saw the face. I blew it off as the tinted windows and jpeg compression in my photo distorting the pic. Only months later when I learned after much research that aliens are actually just the same demons we read about in books over centuries old including the Bible which look like reptiles, I decided to look at that pic again. It's clear as day to me now. It was actually a movie about gargoyles that made me remember that face I saw in the rear view mirror which I blew off as a digital artifact/visual illusion. 

That's a reptile face, not an alien face. I didn't see a drawing of a reptilian until then to see that there are exact other versions of that face already on the web from different angles and URL_REPLACED, too. It's harder to see but I still see it. It's extra hard to see on a small screen. 

Personally on the brightened version, I see even ambient glow in its catlike eyes of the sun setting on the right and it reminds me if my cats eyes. I see it frowning at the area my camera was when I held it out of my window to take a clearer pic. I even see it's scraggly like hand (looks like white lines) on the wheel and a cloth over the center of the rearview to hide its face more. This was taken in a backwards town near an air force base and Kennedy Space Center.

satanist/occultist, Aliester Crowley drew the demon he channeled and it looked like a URL_REPLACED What's truly extraordinary would be a 14 year old telling you what I said. Or explaining to you the space-time fabric being a dimension of time and the planets of the solar system creating double helixes through space time while the universe experiences itself. Look people who came to this conclusion have spent most of their free living breathing time  to get to that conclusion. All they got from it was shit from others who refused to actually go into the rabbit hole themselves. 

Just do some research. Like If you truly care.. only if you truly care. You must commit. 
Otherwise it's pointless. The evidence is huge but you need to connect the dots.. I spent 2 years as a muslim during this process.. I mean the meaning of life isn't something that you should throw away like society tells you to do. You owe it to yourself to find out the truth. 

What I can do is guide you. First you need to realise that everything around you is a specific dimension in a world where all is possible. Your eyes pick up light signals and your brain tells you what you see therefore there is only light signals and the vision you see is based entirely on what your brain is telling you. If you play with VR and stuff you reprogram your brain to see something else. Therefore this world is a simulation of what your brain is telling you it is. yes?
It's holographic. Start by searching for holographic universe.. David Icke is good man to look for. Poor soul spent his entire life trying to convince an ignorant race called humans to fucking wake up.. Just given the sheer space-time that is our universe it's a given probability that they exist. However the only ones that we can interact with (given our current understanding on the limitations of space exploration) would reside in our local area. Now that is a rather large space still, but really cuts down on the possibilities of us interacting.

Then you examine the possibilities that they exist in another dimension, that they could be the 'angels' in lots of folklore and religions, skin-shifting poly morphs, or that we traveled to their home world relatively recently (around the time the pope started talking about encountering aliens sooner than expected). It's hard to sift through the data, parse it, and come up with a concrete answer that I would personally be satisfied with, while also providing this information to be discussed in a more relaxed than accusatory way.Stargates exist. But they all cross into the Astral Dimension. Outer Space as we have been told does not exist in this reality. We are inside a Computer Simulation.Shouldn't it be considered a 5th dimension instead? We seem to live in a Universe of 3 spacial dimensions, and a 4th dimension of *time*. That said, interesting article. In my understanding, it is a metaphor. The "tree of the knowledge of good and evil" is our physical body. With our body, we experience the dual nature of this level of dimensional existence. Pleasure/pain, hot/cold, up/down, etc. 

But in our true nature, we are a soul. And this soul is formless and beyond these dualities. The soul exists in unity, but it inhabits a physical body in this realm. When humanity 'fell', we fell from a state of awareness of our 'higher', soul, nature, into a growing awareness of our 'lower' physical reality.

The 'fruit' that we enjoyed were the fruits of our actions, karma phala. Then we got karmically stuck in this dimension.This is fairly accurate. We will soon ascend to the 5th dimension and the third level of consciousness. I'm guessing some time this year.A picture only has 2 dimensions of data. The new iPhone uses an inferred dot matrix that is invisibly projected onto the user's face to gain the 3rd dimension of data, basically creating a topographic map of the face. Previous facial recognition tech relies on measuring the exact distance between the target's eyes, and the with of their nose, or some other standard of measurement. This comes with the limitation that a clear picture with the majority of the target's face is captured in order to ID someone. With the 3rd dimension data being generated it is conceivable that this data is used to ID someone with significantly less of their face captured. 

Also, with this new tech in millions of phones, this tech is receiving the testing that results from millions of people's real world use. 

Basically, it all boils down to facial recognition tech becoming smaller, faster, more accurate, and reliable than it already is. This introduction will also lead to people becoming more accustomed to and comfortable with facial recognition tech. This is a conspiracy subreddit, so I guess your wacky alternate dimension stuff has a home here...my sister in law is schizophrenic. Herself and everyone around her would highly disagree. 

schizophrenia isn't just having different feelings in your mind, nor is it being able to control and act them out on film on cue at your desire. I don't believe you understand the disease deeply enough.

It's more like being possessed by a bunch of otherworldly malevolent beings who just want a host being to do nefarious stuff for them either through direct control or through visual and mental manipulation at no matter the cost to you.

Being schizophrenic isn't like a functional DMT trip, it's far more like some malevolent rogue beings have broken through that dimension and have randomly chosen you to be their puppet.Piggybacking on this for another great UFO documentary:

URL_REPLACED

This is the best Crop Circle Documentary I've ever seen. Even major skeptics would be hard pressed to come up with alternative answers....especially when you get to see the skin effects of people who enter the circle after it's just been made. It doesn't make sense to me why they would willingly declassify and share this if the government is so worried about it getting out, as many of you claim. Is it not possible that nothing ever truly came from this and it was all found to be BS, manufactured by some nut job CIA scientist and tossed to the curb? I'm open to discussion.



Also, can someone expand on this whole "one collective consciousness" belief? Are we talking fourth dimension, we are legion, metaphysical type stuff, or are we talking more like our brains written onto computers and transcending space and time shit? I guess they both go to the same place.AFAIK Nibiru was never translated or referred to as a planet except by conspiracy theorists taking the alien agenda route. It is the "place of crossing" or "transition", and I believe it is an etheric plane (higher dimension) by which the "anti-christ" spirit will come to our plane of reality and inhabit the body of Prince William.It looks like an underinformed all-inclusive model of power structure flowchart of 4th and 5th dimensional energies (as beings/states) through the 3rd dimension; The flowchart describes the causation of the the reality we perceive and the interactions of said energies (beings/states).It is said that people saw a transparent, see through "Predator" type alien crawling through a large tube at Skinwalker. It seemed to have been phasing in and out of this dimension.Skinwalker ranch is literally a portal from here to the Lower Astral Dimension.It's almost as if the conspiracy itself is bringing out the people that find the misinterpreted information salacious to the point of frothing over the taboo.  When i first read that paragraph I read it as the grandma saying "hey the kids will be in the pool so we got you setup with something else for further entertainment".  It's like trying to read in the 4th dimension and rely on a gut feeling.  If your gut goes with pedophilia then maybe their intrusive thoughts are move active on that side of the see-saw.  Who knows...just my thoughts on the interpretation and I agree with your statements.This is not a "fairy tale".  The ruling elites literally worship Satan. 
 Research the Illuminati, Freemasonry (worship of Lucifer), the Bohemian Grove, Skull and Bones society, Pizzagate and spirit cooking, etc.  They believe that there is a "spiritual" realm, and that they are literally in contact with intelligent beings in another dimension.  

The ruling elite believe it is real.  And it most certainly is real.  its because dmt allow your conciousness to leave the physical world (here) but it cannot exist in the 3rd dimension without physical form so your conciousness goes to the fourth dimension (spirit) to exist.  there are other creatures there too because we are not the only life in the universe, to think this is selfish and small minded.It absolutely is a psy op. It's ludicrous. People believe they're in different dimensions all the while interacting with others in other dimensions while in the same dimension. It's stupid.The earth IS flat, it is time/space that is spherical. The earth only appears flat because we are bound within 3 dimension, being the primitive creatures that we are. What possible practical use for taking that perspective, however, is entirely beyond me.

BTW on a related note, 'Fintan Dunne' AKA 'Nude Infant' just posted something bizarre about the Sun and Moon being the same entity. If you haven't heard of him, consider yourself lucky.Where did these Government pedos come from? Parallel dimension? Carlin: "They were raised by American schools and Churches, and elected by the American people" We may be led by fuckin baby fuckers....but who put them there? We did! We did all this by not paying attention. Too late to play victim now. We all raised pedophiles to the highest ranks. So maybe...fuck us?Flat earth just infuriates people because they don't want to come to grips with the fact that we are 2 dimensional beings and that only a few of us has ever seen the third dimension. We got duped as usual. What if i told you this entire reality is a "Staged Psy OP". Aliens with advanced tech came into this dimension and enslaved everyone inside an advanced V.R. Matrix. People can call me a "loser" and can call me "insane". But this is what is happening. At the very least, when you physically "die" pay close attention and you will notice the "White Light Tunnel" is a ridiculous trap. Refuse the almighty "Life Review" and tell the Parasitic Aliens pretending to be "Guides" and "Masters" that you are an ETERNAL FREE BEING...wait..didnt he die of HIV ? am i living in a alternative dimension ? What if Polaris only exists in your dimension/reality?Eh, I never thought "flat earth" to literally mean a *physically* flat earth. 

I always thought that flat earth meant that this realm is only one dimension of the multi-dimensional reality we exist in. In that sense the earth *is* flat (one-dimensional)There is no proof in the natural realm...no proof of anything that can be documented because these tbings are in a higher dimension outside of space and time. As with all things that are so called spiritual. 

Asking someone to show proof is fruitless and futile. No christian or Muslim or jew can prove anything. 

It all goes to this queztion...is there a reality outside of this one. Its possible. Is everything random in our present reality? Imho...no. if everything in this reality follows a pattern or order. What sets that order...mere chance? I cant see that. 

Gravity, physics, the division of fauna and the distinct patterns they follow...mere coincidence? The planetary systems and the repetitive patterns and similar orders they follow...mere chance? Even our planetary weather systems that keep us alive and maintain liveable conditions...is that really formed randomly? 

Or is there an outside alien influence? Who can say it is an impossibility? I cant. In my logic i see a clear evidences of an outside purposeful influence in these things but to a mind that is closed there will never be evidence that satisfies.unfortunately there will only be anecdotal evidence. we cant physical prove something that doesnt exist just in the 3rd dimension. i think near death experiences shed some light, especially some that report people observing things in other rooms while their dead, which would rule out them just having a flood of chemicals causing them to hallucinate . ive heard of atheist experiencing demonic hauntings and finally turning to using a priest to drive these spirits out, using the bible. then theresthe Luciferian elite that do sacrifices to lucifer that makea me believe.And you can't know that until you aren't the same gender.

It's like saying "Oh I'd totally know if I wasn't in the third dimension". It's nonsense. You literally have no experience with it.

So just....shut up. When 2% of the population and actual experts on biology and nuerology are telling you that you can feel like you belong to a different sex, just listen.Man I was trying to debunk this but the beards every dimension is the same Nobody knows if these aliens are from this universe or if they're from a different dimension, the point is that these so called aliens have a problem with Jesus Christ, which makes me highly suspicious of the true identity of the so called aliens and their true intentions.you don't understand the concept of an actual other dimensionMost UFO (but not all) can go in and out of our "physical dimension" and the Astral Dimension. I wonder if the crossover back here causes a charge that attracts lightning.&gt; In 1772, following in the footsteps of both his father and godfather, Adam Weishaupt became a professor of law at the University of Ingolstadt in Bavaria. Law was never his real passion, though. At just twenty-four years of age, Weishaupt was restless and idealistic. Disillusioned with his strict, mechanical Jesuit education, and inspired by the blossoming Enlightenment, he had developed a headstrong ambition to improve society using the power of reason to dispel religious superstition. He was also a “cynical and unscrupulous careerist and liar,” the historian John Roberts wrote; “All the evidence of this period of his career reveals him as a familiar hazard of academic and collegiate life: the clever, cantankerous, self-absorbed and self-deceiving bore.”

&gt; According to Roberts, Weishaupt’s true passion was for intrigue. From an early age, he had been fascinated by secret societies like the Pythagorean Brotherhood. He joined a Masonic lodge in 1774, but found himself disappointed by the Freemasons’ lack of political aspirations or genuine secrecy, and by the high membership fees. He decided to start a secret society of his own. The inaugural meeting was held on May 1, 1776, with just Weishaupt and four of his students in attendance. He called it the Order of the Illuminati.

&gt; Weishaupt’s dual personality was woven into the fabric of the Illuminati. Its philosophy was idealistic to the point of naïveté. The sole goal of the order, according to the statutes Weishaupt drew up, was “to render unto man the importance of the perfection of reason and his moral character . . . to oppose the wicked designs in the world, to assist against the injustice suffered by the unfortunate and the oppressed, to encourage men of merit, and in general to facilitate the means of knowing and science.” On the other hand, being the supreme leader of his very own secret society allowed Weishaupt to indulge his taste for attention and subterfuge. He carefully curated an aura of mystery for his sect. Initiates were required to take false names, learn a secret vocabulary, go through an elaborate set of initiation rites, and were instructed to sever ties with family and friends. To recruit new initiates, Weishaupt had Illuminati members infiltrate Masonic lodges and pick off their members. Weishaupt developed an elaborate hierarchy, which was itself concealed from all but the most senior members. Advancement required complete, unquestioning obedience. The true political goals of the order—the peaceful transformation of society—were only gradually revealed as a member climbed up the many ranks.

&gt; By the early 1780s, the order had gained around three hundred members spread across Europe. But the expansion came at the cost of secrecy. Weishaupt’s pedantic, domineering personality rubbed some recruits the wrong way. A few members spilled the beans about Illuminati activity to nonmembers, often with alarming exaggerations. By 1784, rumors about the order had caught the attention of the authorities. The Bavarian government issued an edict banning unauthorized associations, and Weishaupt suspended the Illuminati’s meetings. Material continued to leak, and scurrilous rumors were increasingly published by journalists and repeated by preachers, accusing the Illuminati of “irreligion, disloyalty to the dynasty, political intrigue and moral corruption.”

&gt; In a last-ditch effort to exonerate his order, Weishaupt personally approached Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria, and told him most of the Illuminati’s secrets. It proved to be in vain. On March 2, 1785, Theodore issued another edict, specifically condemning the Illuminati. Weishaupt fled Bavaria. Investigations commenced, arrests were made, and masses of the Illuminati’s secret documents, including Weishaupt’s personal letters, were published for all to see. The Illuminati was gone—but not forgotten.

&gt; The discovery of a very real secret society with very real political aspirations, combined with the many horribly embellished rumors about its sordid, subversive activity, was a recipe for confusion and alarm. Already it was rumored that Weishaupt’s secret society continued to operate, and had simply gone underground. Freed from the hassle of actually existing, the Illuminati grew to mythic proportions in the fretful imaginations of its critics—not only in Bavaria, but across Europe and as far afield as the newly independent United States. The exposure of Weishaupt’s Illuminati tarnished the reputation of the Freemasons, too. A few lodges really had been infiltrated, after all—and who was to say that all the Illuminati operatives had been ferreted out. The conspiratorial machinations of subversive secret societies increasingly looked like a viable explanation for troubling events. And then the French Revolution happened.

&gt; “It is very easy today to underrate the emotional shock of the French Revolution,” Roberts notes. “Because it opened an era of revolution in which we still live, we are used to the idea of revolution in a way in which the men of the eighteenth century were not.” Over the course of ten violent, chaotic years, between 1789 and 1799, the age-old ways of hereditary aristocratic privilege crumbled, to be replaced with a new, more egalitarian, secular society. The revolutionary ideas began to spread across Europe, and soon millions of people had been granted basic human rights that they had never before enjoyed, while the aristocracy suddenly found their power and wealth decimated. It was a profound and unprecedented transformation—the rapid emergence of an entirely new political reality. People understandably struggled to come to terms with it. “The scale and violence of the changes . . . seemed to exhaust all conventional and familiar categories of explanation,” Roberts wrote. “Some new dimension of understanding was needed.”

&gt; At the tail end of the Revolution, in 1797, two authors published, almost simultaneously, books that provided that new dimension of understanding. One was Augustin de Barruel. Barruel was a French nobleman, an ordained Jesuit priest, and a polemicist. He had already earned some literary success for his publications criticizing the Enlightenment philosophy, based on his staunch religious views. In 1789, the year the French Revolution broke out, Barruel had published a pamphlet blaming it on the corrupting ideology of the Enlightenment and the weakness of the French clergy. But by 1797, when he published the first two volumes of his Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism, Barruel had become convinced that the whole thing had actually been carefully engineered from behind the scenes. “Even the most horrid deeds perpetrated during the French Revolution, every thing was foreseen and resolved on, was premeditated and combined,” he wrote; “they were the offspring of deep-thought villainy.” The villains, he claimed, included the Enlightenment Philosophes, the Freemasons, and the Jacobins. But these groups, Barruel wrote, were only the “most obvious villains in a great plot whose authors and agents have been far longer at work and are far more widespread.” Lurking behind them all, coordinating the whole scheme, Barruel said, was an even more powerful, sinister enemy: Adam Weishaupt’s dreaded Illuminati, whose “aim is not merely the destruction of the French monarch but universal dissolution, the overthrow of society and religion itself.”

&gt; Scotsman John Robison, a professor of natural philosophy at the University of Edinburgh, had the same idea. He published his book shortly after Barruel, under the snappy title Proofs of a Conspiracy against all the Religions and Governments of Europe, carried on in the Secret Meetings of Free-Masons, Illuminati and Reading Societies, etc., Collected from good authorities. Though Robison disagreed with Barruel over a few of the details, his premise was the same. The Illuminati was behind the French Revolution, he said, and it was only their first step toward inciting total, worldwide anarchy. According to Robison, the Illuminati leaders “disbelieved every word that they uttered, and every doctrine that they taught . . . Their real intention was to abolish all religion, overturn every government, and make the world a general plunder and a wreck.” In case his readers weren’t alarmed enough, Robison warned that the Illuminati “still exists, still works in secret . . . Its emissaries are endeavoring to propagate their detestable doctrines among us.”

&gt; Nothing Barruel or Robison had to say was particularly original, Roberts notes. Even since the earliest years of the Revolution, rumors had circulated that the Masons or some other secret sect had a hand in it. Robison and Barruel’s genius was not for invention, but integration. They took all the existing plot theories and wove them together into a single grand theory. It not only explained the entire French Revolution, but had the potential to explain just about anything that had happened in the world, past, present, or future. The clear, comprehensive conspiracy theory Barruel and Robison articulated resonated perfectly with the fears and needs of the moment. Despite being riddled with factual errors and logical missteps, both books were quickly reprinted, translated, and exported around Europe and across the Atlantic to America.

Meeting someone to get dirt on your father's opponent is not treason.... no matter how you try to spin it.    

The fact that it came from the Russian government is concerning. But if it was genuine dirt that could help Trump win, his son had to at least listen no?   

Listening to NYT and WaPo try to spin it as collusion and treason is making me laugh. Of course if it was "damaging" to Hillary it's going to naturally help Trump win. But it's not what those two outlets are trying to push. Sadly for anyone in Dimension B they don't care, they have their personal bias and agenda and can't be swayed. It is strange that you quote minded the single sentence required to "prove" your narrative.   What follows is the text immediately above the bolded part.

    I conducted an initial assessment of the material on December 10, 2015. This assessment confirmed the approximate number of 325 magnetic data tape reels that each measured 14" in diameter with a magnetic tape dimension of ½” and contained by a metal reel. The assessment also showed that the magnetic tapes were in poor condition and almost all were affected by moderate to severe mould, which is identified as a health risk. Most of the tapes were not labelled and of the tapes that were labelled, the content appeared to be space science related with missions including Pioneer and Helios and the inclusive dates range was 1961-1974. A final assessment of the tapes on April 3, 2016 further broke down of the content of the tapes into the following:

    PN8 [Pioneer 8]: 1 reel

    PN9 [Pioneer 9]: 2 reel

    PN10 [Pioneer 10): 40 reels

    PN11 [Pioneer 11]: 53 reels

    HELl [or] HEL-A [Helios 1]: 10 reels

    HESA [possibly an abbreviation for Helios A]: 2 reels

    Intelsat IV: 2 reels

    Unlabelled or labelled without mission-related identifying information: approximately 215 reels

Counting dimensions with numbers won't work. There are countless dimensions. You can't count something that would not have a frame of reference in which to count something.

A dimension could be a plane, it could be not a plane. It could have no time, or time moves in a different direction. A dimension could not have water, or air, but something else entirely. But inherently a dimension is any area that can hold any type of reality. 

Some of them our closer in our type of experience and those will be the ones we could experience first, if we were to somehow move our consciousness to the inter dimensional framework where we could experience these other dimensions directly. We do go to other dimensions in dreams , in a light body, we travel through consciousness. They idea then would be to more fully merge the dream state with the waking state. A profound alteration in our perception. Though I think that's what needs to be done.

But from what I understand dimensions of existence don't mean the dimensions of our reality. They mean other worlds, other realities.They seem to be networking with people in the defence contractor circles. If true they would be more likely a honeypot than a psyop. Also could be classified as both.

The general idea from long term observation is that no one has a clue what they are talking about. Not that they haven't hit on the truth, but that their information feed is so random and incoherent that it cannot be translated. Even if true.

It's like a DMT trip. Where people go into another dimension and come back with the secrets of the universe. They cannot relate them. It comes out mumbled. Jumbled.

The world has the same filter.I need an imgur account to upload right? I'm not at my computer atm, but it also occured to me that earth is (edit) 7917 miles wide. I wonder if I can get an image that's at least that dimension so that each pixel is one mile. The most it could ever measure from one point on the circle is 7917, but if any line is 13 pixels wider, than that means it's bulging 13 miles. If not, then the image is fake, or the bulge is a lie. I would conclude that anyway. Edit- maybe there is a high res pic that big, but still, if it's 3900 pixels wide, ~7 pixels would be needed to show a bulge.

Just looking at the 2012 image of earth, it looks to be much wider than previous years, some of which look quite skinny. The photoshop guys are inconsistent. I have to measure them though.Of course since you have a belief, you havent had awakening. The illusory limitations of your being have not been seen through, then you would be one with gods infinite being. This is called liberation.

If your basis of existence is your mind, meaning your thoughts then what you know spiritually is just thoughts in your head. Unless one actually gets into the deeper dimension of pure spirit in themselves, there is no way to actually know what the texts and scriptures are talking about. No way to know what Jesus meant when he said that the kingdom of God does not come but rather is within. No way to know what Jesus meant by I am the truth, the light and the way. When Jesus said I am, what does he refer to? Not to his physical body but the spirit. Where is the spirit? Its not localised in space and time, and yet there is no time or space where it is not. Like Jesus said "Then I will bring you into my presence so that you will be where I am." What is this place? Where is Jesus? This is what he said about where he is: "Believe me when I say that I am in the Father and that the Father is in me. "

So Jesus said he will bring you where he is, and he said He is in the Father and the Father is in Him. Where are you?I am going to check this one out. Sadly, myself and others have been to "Heaven". It is an basically an open air jail in the Astral Dimension. It looks almost exactly like the regular usa, with bars, stores etc. But it has a strict "martial law" type setting. People can laugh, but you will all see I am actually telling the truth about this...4th dimension is the destination.  Demons are your tour guides.We are only a short time away from entering 5D, where we will literally be sharing the same dimension as our extraterrestrial soul families... no need to unplug, enter a new body, or exit a computer program. It's just the Archon veil that separates us, and that is being dissolved as we speak.Nice! Flat earthers almost make me believe in the Mandela Effect. Because I wonder where the hell they all come from! Hahaha! It has to be another dimension.LOL. You say it was never proven on what basis? They aren't going to make their classified intelligence public, but the house and senate intelligence HAVE seen the classified intelligence and they agree with the intelligence conclusions, so what's the basis for that claim?

Here's more, and I will provide more.

&gt; LOBIONDO: OK. So very briefly the -- if you can describe the elements of the Russia's active measures in the campaign in the 2016 election. We've only got 35 seconds, but that's the first thing I want to get into about exactly what they were doing if you can tell us anything about that.

&gt;ROGERS: So we saw cyber used, we saw the use of external media, we saw the use of disinformation, we saw the use of leaking of information, much of which was not altered.

&gt;I mean, we saw several, if you will, common traits that we have both seen over time as well as I would argue that the difference this time was that the -- the cyber dimension and the fact that the release of so much information that they had extracted via cyber is a primary tool to try to drive an outcome.

&gt;LOBIONDO: So in this setting, can you talk to us at all about what tools they used?

&gt;ROGERS: I'm not going to go into the specifics of how they executed the hacks. I apologize, no sir.

&gt; LOBIONDO: We'll try to get into that in classified. I'll hold off for now, thank you.

Wow. The UFO may have just crossed over from the Astral Dimension and that caused it to get hit.Maybe we can channel ourselves into a higher dimension How is it impossible? What dimension are you talking about?Bullshit.  

Maybe he'll say next it was a holographic, high energy weapon from the 6th dimension.  His followers would eat that up.I have schizophrenia and I'm heavily medicated in order to function on a somewhat normal level. 

When I believed in God and demons and the super natural it was much harder to stay grounded. It was much harder to differentiate between real and not.  Now that I firmly do not believe in any of the above, I can better observe my hallucinations and call them what they are. Hallucinations. 

Unfortunately, even medicated I have days where I will fall into a delusion.  Recently, my local grocery store did some remodeling.  It's the only store that I can grocery shop at by myself. I walked to find them halfway through remodeling and my mind twisted itself into thinking that they had rewired the entire store to watch me like the Truman show and I almost started raging at the customer service desk. Thankfully my husband was there to talk me through it and the manager knew me since childhood (I've had schizophrenia since 6 years old and the store hadn't been remodeled since it had been built in 1989 and this happened a month ago) and she came and talked with me about the remodeling and why it needed to be done and was very patient with me.

Schizophrenia is very real and is not a manufactured diagnosis.  Coherently, I do not believe I can speak with another dimension or with souls or I'm possessed or any of those things. To believe in those things would cause me to be less grounded and more susceptible to other illogical delusions.  My day is spent playing a logic game. Does this make sense? Could this happen? What is the likely hood of this happening? Is anyone else seeing this? Etc.   When you sign book deals you also sign on to PR gigs. Just how shit goes for maximizing profit. But i'm just a pedo vampire from an alternative universe of the 4th dimension. BlahhhhhThey are part of a group of very negative Aliens called "Archons". They are originally from the Astral Dimension. To remain in our dimension they must regularly ingest Human Blood and Flesh. Most are called the "Draco". Some currently live inside the "Hollow Earth". On occasion they would come up into the catacombs and grab humans. Some have been seen coming out of caverns in the Southwest. Many are located at the Deep Underground Bases and high tech installations such as Area 51. Myself and others have actually seen them in the Astral. They are roughly 9 feet tall and have massive builds.&gt;and the cause of this is the tides

And, there is where you went wrong. I'm going to slightly change the wikipedia explanation to make it more clear in this context

&gt;The gravity of [Earth] produces a tidal force on [the Moon] that distorts its gravitational equilibrium shape slightly so that it becomes elongated along the axis oriented toward [Earth], and conversely, is slightly reduced in dimension in directions orthogonal to this axis. These distortions are known as tidal bulges. When [the Moon was] not yet tidally locked, the bulges travel[ed] over its surface, with one of the two "high" tidal bulges traveling close to the point where [Earth] is overhead.

...

&gt;The material of [the Moon] exert[ed] resistance to this periodic reshaping caused by the tidal force. In effect, some time [was] required to reshape [the Moon] to the gravitational equilibrium shape, by which time the forming bulges [had] already been carried some distance away from the [Earth–Moon] axis by [the Moon]'s rotation. Seen from a vantage point in space, the points of maximum bulge extension [were] displaced from the axis oriented toward [Earth].

...

&gt;Because the bulges [were] displaced from the [Earth-Moon] axis, [Earth]'s gravitational pull on the mass in them exert[ed] a torque on [the Moon]. The torque on the [Earth]-facing bulge act[ed] to bring [the Moon]'s rotation in line with its orbital period, whereas the "back" bulge, which faces away from [Earth], acted] in the opposite sense. However, the bulge on the [Earth]-facing side is closer to [Earth] than the back bulge by a distance of approximately [the Moon]'s diameter, and so experience[d] a slightly stronger gravitational force and torque. The net resulting torque from both bulges, then, [was] always in the direction that acted to synchronize [the Moon]'s rotation with its orbital period, leading eventually to tidal locking.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tidal_locking#Mechanism

So no, the change in the tides on Earth have nothing to do with tidal locking of the Moon, and will have no affect on it. It may have an affect on the tidal locking of Earth to the moon, but that is expected to take so long anyway, that the Sun will become a red giant and engulf them both before it happens.
It is physically impossible in this dimension for there not to be an edge of the earth. 

I've heard them say there is a giant wall that blocks off all the water and everything.
&gt; I was specifically addressing the fact that what you initially claimed is physically impossible ...

I suspect (our conventional understanding of) physics would deem many aspects of a simulated universe theory "impossible". The laws of physics may actually only apply fully in the universe/dimension which created the simulation that we inhabit.ayy. lmao

Disclosure is a work.

Lets assume ETs are real and we're not alone as our simple human intelligence on this planet, which is reasonable to say after enough research. Under our current system there is no reason to push real disclosure outside a facade to try and catch people into a net to continue the division. It would not benefit those at the top of pyramid and those who are in the know that have a kind enough soul to want to reveal this information would never do so until after they have passed on. They've likely been involved in terrible things and would not be willing to atone for those sins in this dimension.

Our way of life as we know it is likely coming to an end sooner then later, this ayylmao thing is probably a step towards the deconstruction of the modern world view.  Then the culling will begin.

Avoid the light. Eventually the Satanic Global Elite is going to admit what is going on. They will explain how this dimension is controlled by the Alien Archons, and according to them the Elite were chosen long ago to rule earth. A demand will be made to pledge total submission and loyalty to the Elite and The Archons. Most people will go along with it. Some will not...It's called being reflective, and having empathy towards others. You speak of these things as if they must mean another dimension or a crazy ability to communicate differently. Can you go to the afterlife for me and ask my nan how she used to make them apple pies please? &gt;That's not even true.

Xe says without refuting it.

&gt;In my long time on this sub, I think I've seen an "unsubstantiated" tag only once, and that was a story linking Trump to Russia.

Right. One time. By one mod. Is this your beef? One post months ago with a tag. Must have really shaken your world view.

&gt;Swiss mountain satanists opening a portal to another dimension? No "unsubstantiated" tag.

Because one mod tagged one post. Not policy here and it hasn't happened before or since.

&gt;Roman emperors control Washington? No "unsubstantiated" tag.

Well, that is actually kind of substantiated. 

&gt;But a well-documented link on Trump? Apparently that's a reason to step in. 

This was about the urine dossier that was opposition research fantasy that we put together by a former MI5er paid for by the DNC IIRC. LOL at *documented*


TL;DR:

Lurl moar, post less.The one we live in known as the 3rd dimension. I'm not getting into a flat earth debate with you I'm stating the fact that a land mass can't go on for "infinity".Point still stands. Flat is the 2nd dimension. This world is only 1 dimension. It's flat in that way. This happens in a lot of subs when people think they can get an edge on their own submissions by downvoting other submissions.

Or yeah... 8th dimension paedo lizards, whichever you find easier to swallow...&gt; I'm not in favor of releasing people's private correspondence, but like it or not it's out there,

But you're not obliged to go snooping through it yourself anymore than I am obliged to get pics from the fappening and masturbate to them.  And you are absolutely not entitled to an explanation about what those emails mean, nor is it suspicious that having had their privacy invaded the parties to the correspondence have no desire to further invade their own privacy to satisfy or deter the curiosity of people fantasizing obsessively over child rape.

&gt; He can ignore it, as he's done, but the public doesn't have to ignore it,

No, the public doesn't have to ignore things that are none of their business which doesn't make it remotely suspicious that parties to the correspondence won't invade their own privacy to give the public explanations about their private correspondence that no one had any business releasing to the public in the first place.  It's not remotely suspicious that people won't invade their own privacy just to satisfy your curiosity.

&gt; just as they didn't ignore the leaked Trump pussy-grabbing tape. That was also an invasion of his privacy,

No, it wasn't.  And the fact that you do not comprehend this indicates a lack of any real concept as to what privacy is.

If you have agreed to be recorded and allowed a microphone to be fixed to you by another party for that purpose and you have agreed that they own the resulting audio produced, it is not an invasion of privacy for them to release that audio.

&gt; People shouldn't have released that tape,

Why not?  He knew he was being recorded - they put a fricking mic on him for just that purpose.  He doesn't own the resulting audio.  How is it an invasion of privacy when he has no reasonable expectation of privacy in the information and doesn't own it anyway?

&gt; but once they're out you can't bury your head in the sand and pretend you didn't see what you saw.

You don't have to be nosy about peoples' business.  You can very easily decide that it's not actually your business what these people mean in their private correspondence with each other.  And nothing requires you to frame someone's refusal to further invade their own privacy (after having already had it criminally invaded) to satisfy your curiosity about something that is none of your business as somehow being suspicious.  Many people like their privacy - it's not remotely suspicious that someone would refuse to further invade it having had it criminally invaded, all just to satisfy your curiosity.

&gt; This isn't a court of law where there are rules for legally gathering evidence.

This isn't a tv show either.  These people are not characters for your entertainment.  They, their lives, their correspondence do not belong to you and are not your business.  They don't owe you an explanation about anything.  You owe them an apology for your complete lack of decency and basic fundamental human respect.  You're treating these people like they are objects for your gratification and not as though they are human beings with all that entails in their own right.  You're treating them like spectacles of entertainment with no regard for their human right and need for privacy.  This has nothing to do with courts of law and everything to do with basic, every day human decency.  Your attitude toward these people and their right to privacy which is intimately intertwined with their fundamental human dignity is just plain indecent.

&gt; including the Hillary laughing about rape tape

For crying out loud.  The right to privacy and the connection between privacy and fundamental human dignity are enough reasons in themselves (ample reason) to not make further disclosures when in such a position, but the tendency of people like you to do shit like this adds a secondary dimension.  Such gross and despicable mischaracterizations are all too common.  The truth doesn't set people free so long as people like you are involved.  Characterizing laughing at a kind of technology as laughing at rape is disgusting.  When the world is full of people so indecent they would launch such dishonest, unfair, and malicious attacks, it's no wonder people are reluctant to release information to those people.  Who knows what lies they will make up about it.  With people like you around, further invading ones own privacy to satisfy the curious isn't going to stop people saying gross and untrue stuff about you so why sacrifice your privacy to hand them more ammunition for mischaracterization?Actually creating a 4d chess wouldn't require another dimension could probably be turned into a competitive game that requires more foresight than chess which is what I think these people are getting at with their metaphor.

If aliens exist in a different dimension but can manifest in ours, then you could probably call them demonsNo, I am not sure on the exact dimensions. However, I am comparing with the Letters/Numbers on the License plate (there are larger photos out there that show the full plate). I am guessing that New Jersey Plates have ~3 inch letters/numbers in height. The longest dimension of the irregularly cut hole appears to be smaller than the height of the letters. Try a 3 inch hole--I'd be curious to know what you find out.What attempted theft? He went to get dirt on an opponent. Everyone would do it. The bad part is the reports that it was from the Kremlin. That should have been a red flag and cause to cancel the meeting.     

I think JR is just dumb, not colluding with another country. But I guess it depends what dimension you reside in. Correct, they are higher energy/dimensional forms but can (or could) reorganize their molecular structure to form bodies in our more dense 3rd dimension that is the physical realm. There's literally a whole bigger world that is right next to ours that is just in a different dimension essentially. Everytime in the Bible you read, and my eyes were opened, or God opened my eyes or heaven was opened up to me, that is when that human was able to glimpse this other dimension, Ezekiel saw chariots and horses with riders and amazing technologies. Do you know how hard it is for most people, even conspiracy minded people to grasp what a different dimension could possibly be?Kinda interesting that they name that phenomenon after Mandela being remembered as being deceased and define it as a mass hysteria kinda memory loss thing rather than the much more logical hypothesis. That hypothesis being that were undoubtedly multiple foreign propaganda spy cells running amok across the country-side during that era and a fake news broadcast or three is certainly more plausible than an alternate dimension.You are right and that it is limited to civilizations as we know them, those that are in the physical world. If there is some dimension spanning civilization, then yeah it would be hard to see that.

I was more originally replying to follow up the person you replied to. I believe they were touching on the dyson/von neumann problem and the fermi paradox.My take: We are advanced beings, but we are trapped in a lower dimension. 

The next dimension is likely where the things suppressing us chill. 

After that they likely can't do shit to higher dimensional beings. 

It is likely that what exists atm on our planet is a type of faraday cage for our soul, it is said earth was bathed in the plasma around Jupiter, I am pretty sure this leads into the "PURPLE SKY conspiracy or whatever". We wouldn't have tons of electromagnetic interference. 

Planetary alignments and precise measurements seem to be the main focus of occultists (if you boil it all down).

Something about this Faraday cage is odd though, if it's true, if we are able to ascend ourselves, there is apparently a "path" out, Jesus spoke about it, but it may be possible that the written religions presented to us are actually satan/saturn/whomever and that they want you to go to them, remember what pacman eats? Ghosts, go check out the heat signatures of Tethys and Minas. 

It is likely using planets, the higher dimensional beings are able to keep us trapped, or whatever, or that they are able to keep people from reaching us out.

The elite of our world likely enslaved themselves to these beings with a promise for an eternal afterlife or something, likely getting stuck in the next dimension, giving a piece of their soul up and being tethered or trapped in that dimension forever. 


Or you know, the brain creates a lot of hallucinations and stuff and we seem to eat a lot of psychedelic drugs and we even know about licking toads to get high.  The coordinates would represent an image to the subconscious. The person feeding the coordinates may not have an image of the location, but we are connected to  the location through quantum entanglement. 

(To explain how we could be entangled with everything: Our pineal glands have piezoelectric crystals in them. You shoot photons through crystal and they become entangled.) 

If we also consider the universe as a hologram, the coordinates location would be "projected" from the 2nd dimension. This is another source to tap the data from possibly. 

Then post more topics about the occult! I always post what I can but I see more and more of these types of threads every day. It only makes the problem worse mate. 

Here are some topics for you guys.

This one is my all time favorite and had the most fun researching and writing this one up.

"Crop Circles &amp; The meaning behind them"

A profound encoding of reality and it's Sacred Geometry. Also included is a bunch of pictures, research, links, and more.

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/316/crop-circles-meaning


I really love sacred geometry (shoutout to /r/holofractal) and dedicated a thread to pictures and concepts of sacred geometry and left it up to the viewer what kind of picture it paints. This one was a lot of fun as well.

"The Hidden world of Symbols right in front of our eyes"

"Symbology, Sacred Geometry, Ancient Symbols; Collection of photos, research, links, and dot-connecting. Join in if you like."

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/368/hidden-world-symbols-right-front

This one is a bit controversial, however it was interesting to research but also kind of terrifying. It delves into Gnosticism and the concept of "Archons" "Djinn" and other negative counter-consciousness. It goes into service to self and service to others, and the polarity of being in a third dimension, thus opening us up to the manipulation of others that choose service to self, power over others. 

"4th Dimensional Negative Parasites Feeding off mankind"

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/122/dimensional-negative-parasites-feeding-mankind

This thread focuses on off planet phenomena and information. I don't share it often because a lot of people will try to de-bunk each individual image instead of trying to consider the fact that something like that could be real. However, with some of the images it can be hard to say for sure if it's natural phenomena or some kind of tampering. Still, it is fun to look at the images and think what if. 

"Compilation of off planet evidence that makes you wonder"

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/220/compilation-off-planet-evidence-wonder

another similar thread

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/221/mysterious-pyramid-ceres

The brown notebook.

This one has always fascinated me to say the least.  It was from 1958 I believe. 

I really suggest you look into this, I can't do it justice trying to sum this up in a paragraph. It is really amazing phenomena and involves channeling, and other higher dimensional perceptions of consciousness/dimensionality. 

"From The Brown NoteBook 1958, Law of One Precursor: "A new dawn of understanding is coming to your planet. Man must be prepared for this new understanding, as it employs new concepts and ideas. The people of earth have lingered long under their false illusions. The time has come to step forth in new and greater glory”"

This is included in the write up, and was pulled from Gaia Network Wisdom's Teachings. They had a great summary on the brown notebook and there is also the official law of one website that includes the brown notebook section.

"This was the direct precursor to The Law of One. This was the material that Carla Rueckert, who channeled The Law of One, read that tuned her up. Because when you read the right stuff, it seems to harmonize your frequency with extraterrestrial consciousness, and get you ready for contact."

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/206/brown-notebook-1958

This is the write up from the other day, that you are familiar with.

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/599/gluten-intolerance-glyphosate

This one isn't so much a write up as it is a collection of videos. I tried to find the most interesting "UFO" phenomena. The first video is hands down the best one I have ever seen. 

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/115/video-collection-ufo-sightings-evidence

This one was really fun, but also eery and intriguing. Pepsi held a contest in 2015 for a commercial, and this was the result. It really piqued my interest and I tried to research what I could on it. There wasn't much information, but this commercial left me scratching my head.

Disclosure warmup? Pepsi commercial from 2015

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/217/disclosure-warmup-pepsi-commercial-2015

This article we did involves the esoteric subject of replicators. I recommend you read this, it is pretty interesting.

"“In fact, replicators are now available to all of humanity, but they are hidden along with the MANY inventions that are available NOW, but are being concealed from the masses and are only available to the few. The replicator is among the many third-dimensional secrets that have not yet been released to give comfort and support to those in need and/or humanity as a collective.” (1)"

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/526/replicators

This article dives into the issue of Mkultra and sex trafficking/pedogate. I collected a lot of information from what I could. It took a while to compile and there is multiple replies. Feel free to look through it.

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/304/name-anneke-lucas-slave

This one is on the classic chemtrail conspiracy. I tried to cover "both" sides of the debate and include as much information as possible to let the reader form their own conclusion.

"Comprehensive thread on the GeoEngineering/ChemTrail Debate"

"One of the most hotly debated conspiracies to date. Here we will look at both sides of the argument and present everything to you and let you reach your own conclusion."

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/400/comprehensive-thread-geoengineering-chemtrail-debate

This one needs some more work, but is still fun to read.

"Knights Templar, Maltese Cross, Free Masonry, &amp; the Annunaki"

"How they all correlate, intervene, and connect with today and the way society works. A look into how the Maltese Cross is really a representation of the Photon. The Knights Templar were also the first banking institution."

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/262/knights-templar-maltese-masonry-annunaki

This thread deals with Glyphosate levels in common foods and how it has been detected in human urine.

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/119/glyphosate-levels-common-foods

I missed a few articles but that's the gist of it. Here are some other interesting articles we have shared. This one is really handy, it describes 3rd, 4th, and fifth dimensional concepts as being perceptions of awareness and what the difference is between each perception of dimension.

"Those living from 3d, 4d, or 5d consciousness are experiencing the same reality (on some level), but rather their way of perceiving it is completely different.
"

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/558/3rd-4th-dimension-reality-overview

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/546/saturn-worship-til

Here are some various esoteric subjects David Wilcock talks about. Great vids

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/479/wilcock-videos-various-esoteric-subjectsThey wouldn't need to use it in the same way we do because they can actually perceive the 4th dimension. Ok so I'll explain the general design problem.  And I'll use object oriented design as the analogy, as it's the thing that made me aware of this problem.  This wiki talks about the same thing but with a slightly different slant - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Composition_over_inheritance.  You should probably read that after reading the stuff below.

This is what I do for a living, btw.  I model stuff.  How we build our models is important because it's the most precise language we have to express ideas.  This general issue of how to accurately express ideas is a problem I often see in discussion of our social problems or governance problems.  People don't have the language tools to describe stuff and this leads to misinterpretation.  It's like people can't speak the same language.  That's how fundamental this problem is to everything we do.

Anyway, moving along to the actual design issues.  When you slice something into mutually exclusive categories, and then when you slice those categories up similarly in other smaller mutually exclusive categories, fractally, what you are doing is the same thing as building up an object hierarchy using inheritance.  For example, I come up with a category of Dog, Cat, and Other and these make up everything in existence.  Under the category of Dog I add the quality of barkiness - and come up with 2 categories - Barky Dog and Quiet Dog.  I then add a quality of breed - so under the Barky Dog category I add categories ShitsuBarkyDog, WolfBarkyDog, and OtherBarkyDog.  This is a hierarchical model I'm building up.  I'll need do the same for all the other categories.  Ok, so why does this approach to modelling things suck?  Because adding a new category or quality to a set of N categorizations requires N! new subcategories.  If that makes any sense.  You just can't model a Quality that most things have - like PhysicalDimensions without having to build subcategories under each category, when you model in this way, in an object-oriented inheritance kinda way.  From a data perspective, you're organizing your data in a tree structure.  And to reiterate, to add 1 cross-cutting quality to this tree structure requires N! new pieces of data.  That's how this way of modelling things scales in the dimension of complexity.  Factorially.  It's quite shitty that way.  Relational Databases suffer from the same problem, btw.

If, instead, you model by appending facets of data to a thing, you get a narrative design.  You change the meaning of something by decorating with new pieces of information.  Like how a book works.  Complexity scales linearly like this.  For every new quality you're modelling you add 1 addtional piece of data to your model.  Not N factorial, N being the existing set of qualities - which is what happens with the other approach.

Anyway what this gets at is the need to use language that *decorates* other language, and doesn't categorize it.  Use labels not categories.  

Categorical thinking is often quite flawed.  It certainly leads, eventually, to horrible complexity in trying to describe things.  Really flawed ambiguous language.  And oddly enough this thinking is what we use when we use org charts, or when we break things up hierarchically anywhere.  It's a simplistic way of thinking, but it's baked into our dualistic mind set.  In reality things decorate.  They aren't hierarchical.  All things develop phi-ly, which is in layers.  So we need to start using language to reflect this as it will allow us to refine our systems of government as if we were writing new chapters in a book.  We won't have to trash the models that get built up because they no longer work and redefine them - this is how we've gone about things historically and it's really flawed.  Instead we just refine our models.  

Long story short.  Hierarchy sucks at modelling things, and we use this modelling approach all over the place, and it doesn't scale well along lines of complexity/diversity or set size.  

As this relates to bathroom signage:  breaking up public bathroom services by function would more accurately map to the problem domain.  Having common areas for common area kinda services.   Having private areas for private area kinda services.  The services together (sink, toilet, etc) decorate one another but aren't fit into a fixed boilerplate/hierarchical design (ie. Male/Female/Disabled) that isn't handling the social complexity being thrust upon it.  Also, breaking things up by function more accurately maps to how people use these services in reality.  

One way this might look, btw, would be to use a spectrum of services.  Have sinks in one area, toilets moving from the spectrum of male to female, diaper change services another area, etc.  You walk to the service you want to use, and you'll know by the stall spectrum you've laid out where you'll want to hang out.  Just throwing one possibility out there.It seems these craft can manipulate gravity, as well as change the entire Vibrational Rate of the ufo craft and its occupants. This allows the ufo to actually cross back and forth from here to the Astral Dimension. It is now thought the Shadow Government has this tech as well."Old Navy" is not just an homage to Naval Intelligence. "Navy Blue" is the color that vibrates to the ASTRAL DIMENSION. This is where the controlling group does most of its planning for the earth prison.I saw a UFO in my room. It was very faint and maybe it was just a projection of my mind :0, which is what I was thinking at the time cos I knew I was tripping. But, I also felt that I could've been tapping into another dimension.It makes total sense because it's all interconnected. Love is connected to consciousness which is connected to creation which is connected to our area of consciousness and our physics of perception. In a less dense area of consciousness like the Astral Plane, the physics of perception are different and connected in an abstract way that would be hard to interpret in waking areas.  It's like to trying to explain a dream when you wake up. The return to density makes astral perceptions flee, in a sense, because the physics are configured in way not bound by our belief systems. You can fly or jump a mile, in a dream.

Now what this is , is a matter of the density of consciousness. And what this force of gravity is, is DENSITY. Density is a common sense perception. If something is heavier than the air it will fall to ground or to its buoyancy and reach an equilibrium with its plane of density.

That is a fundamental perception that dissolves a round spinning earth. A flat earth model is ruled by density and pressure. Pressurized air between the flat plane of earth, and the firmament that separates this dimension from the astral plane. Separated by layers of density.I agree to a certain extent. Shadow Government has different means to different people. All the way from the MSM meaning of the phrase to David Icke's shadow people from another dimension meaningWe were seeded here in the 4th dimension because nothing grows without time and distance. The hope is that evolution recreates that which seeded us, much like we try to create AI's to recreate what we perceive to be sentient life. Outside of our reality existence doesn't require a first cause apparently. We can't know being in a smaller dimension, we are essentially video game characters with conscious given to us.  I have no idea, but Jesus is very real and the Bible explains 90% of what's going on but I rarely hear much about it even though the Bible matches with SO MUCH of this conspiracy reddit.  Romans takes 1 hour to listen to on YouTube.  Trust me, it's worth it.  I'd die for that book, for one person to read it.

You must admit an outside force above the 3rd dimension created the Big Bang right?  No way all of this is accident.I have been told Geraldo was once a liberal. What dimension was it?The Satanic Elite have controlled humanity through "Limitation". They want you tho think this is all there is. Myself and many others know they are liars. There is another dimension visited when asleep. It is the "Astral". The objective is to learn how to explore and conquer this realm. You do not have to die. It is a limitation and nothing more:

http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message3136315/pg1Countercountering of this magnitude can mean only one thing. You're playing 48 dimension interdimensional interspace hungry hungry hippos. 

When did you switch over from Twitter?very interesting. i will try that. there is nothing more exciting than that moment you realize: "i am conscious and actually in another dimension"When you are looking at your body you are in the what Monroe called the Ethereal or Real Time Zone. It is also the in between space inhabited by "Ghosts". Going deeper you eventually cross over into the Astral Dimension which is where most ufo's and aliens come from. It is also where most humans go after physical death. "Mall World" is an absolutely huge mall with very large escalators that many people have gone to. There is also a place simply called "Hospital World" which is a giant multi floored hospital with many bizarre occupants. Hospital World is famous for its elevators that go sideways and diagonal at some points.It's not going to smash into Earth. The theory of Nibiru says that it will come close enough to *effect* various things on Earth (ie Volcanic activity, earth quakes, pole shifts, etc etc). I have a theory that perhaps Nibiru may come in and out of our dimension, hence why we will not see it coming, until it's too late or maybe we will not see it at all.Yes, the burden of proof is on the asserter. 

I am not asking you to disprove the existence of aliens. I am asking you to prove that the growing prevalence of UFO/Alien hysteria is in fact a disinformation effort. Disinformation to distract from what?

Examine a few of the underlying principles of theoretical physics:

- The universe we occupy is infinite

- The number of universes in the dimension we occupy is infinite

- The number of spatial and temporal dimensions is infinite

Infinity within infinity within infinity.

It seems quite unlikely that life evolved solely on Earth.That's my thoughts now....we live in one dimension but other entities might be able to live in multiple or travel through them.  And maybe some bad ones were misconstrued as "the devil" way back when.  I just think there's way more to our history and reality then we'll ever know.The evolutionary origins don't always reflect the current state of a species.  Certainly, Karl Marx taught *economic* Marxism and it was mostly anarchic in its conception.

But, there were flaws in the conception which allowed the core of Marxism to mutate in ways its founder didn't probably intend.  The first was thinking that the State would be a stopgap that could implement a true workers' anarchy.  That, coupled with the Jacobin influx, allowed Marxism to mutate into Leninist Communism which saw the State's power system as a means of enforcing Marxist ideology.  Naturally, humans being humans, the managers became corrupt and subverted the intended goal of anarchy which is why the Soviet Union and its ilk were totalitarian regimes not free societies.  [Left Hegelians]  The second was its unqualified opposition to capitalism which led people to understand it as hostile to individual property rights.  This, naturally, is what led to the opposition from the West.  In the West, we have a tradition of people building their own "means of production" (cf. the American Pioneers...) which made Marxism extremely unappealing.  (That's not to say, of course, corrupt businesses didn't form and create similar problems to the Soviet Union; which is what libertarians call "crony capitalism.")  That said, it did create sympathizers who didn't fully follow the pattern but attempted to hybridize it into Social Democracy. [Right Hegelians]  Both of these variants served to create a Hegelian dialectic between the new powers [i.e. the international Communist leaders versus the Military-Industrial complex] that arose from these patterns of thought which is largely what the Cold War represents.

However, the structures of *economic* Marxism have also been transposed from their original dimension of concrete economics into a dimension of an abstract class conflict about interpersonal attributes by the ideological subversives of the KGB (i.e. ideological Communists) who used it to corrupt American culture and make it susceptible to being overthrown by the those favorable to the Leninist ideology.  They had already been inflitrating the US State Department, the CIA and the Universities as any espionage strategy that makes sense would think to do such things to one's enemy.  However, after the USSR fell, it took a while for these elements to coalesce again which is why the 1990s were relatively peaceful.  What mopped them up were people like George Soros, the Clinton family (werry werry CIA) and the Bush family (bigtime CIA) who filled the power vacuum and used it to create a political opposition class to Reagan.

The pattern is not the original Marxist kerygma.  But, it's most certainly an ideology that has been spawned from Marxist patterns of thought.  Especially the "oppressor/oppressed" class struggle dynamic and the idea of "power" being used to control the weak.  It's worth noting, as Bezmenov did, that the real Communists won't actually tolerate this kind of destabilizing ideology once they actually gain control and these ideologues will be the first to "get the bullet."  (Antifa is kind of giving tells of what's to come here with the whole "liberals get the bullet.")What I'm saying is that this "message" seems like the same pseudo-spiritual spew you can find anywhere. The "deeper dimension of pure spirit" The idea that the "spirit" is not "localized in space and time, and yet there is no time or space where it is not" - all reads like nonsense. And before you say "of course you feel that way because you don't understand" or some equivalent - believe me, I do. I just don't agree that any of it is true. The "texts and scriptures" you talk about just don't mean anything to me. 

It's a bit condescending to tell someone they aren't awake or "haven't had an awakening" because they don't agree with you, and this claim to have some deep-rooted spiritual knowledge is far from unique. Maybe the message is hated everywhere because people can smell it from a mile away - maybe they do listen and "look withing" and just find it to be empty words.DMT is a kind of drug/chemical that your brain produces when dreaming or when someone has a Near Death Experience. I've never tried doing DMT, but apparently from what I've read, anyone who does says it's a life changing experience. It's like a portal into another dimension of some sort, similar to Astral Projection or maybe even the same. Actually, if you really think about it, our 2 physical eyes can see 3 dimensions = material objects. So, if we indeed posses the ability to open our Pineal Gland/3rd eye, then you'd probably be able to see the 4th dimension, right? Theoretically speaking, of course. Because we exist on it.

As I mentioned, in a flat plane model, this planet is *the literal center of the universe*... or at least the dimension of the universe we perceive. Everything else revolves around it. Everything exists to facilitate it. A firmament protecting us from the heavens above our realm was built and put in its place by someone or something. It implies a *designed* reality, in contrast to the *chaotic* reality of the globe model.Since you're such an intrepid voyager,  go to the dimension where you don't have me blocked, and send me a picture of your rock-spoon.  I belieeeeeeeve!

Blocking me provides an excellent opportunity to show off your dimension jumping skills, Great One.This. Dimension is a perfect example of what happens when non-mathematicians get a hold of a mathematical term and run with it. See also: matrix &gt;Bends into another dimension

Video glitching = Dimension warping.  

The problem with Icke's reptillians narrative is that he makes out that they're here in this dimension. They're not. THey're in the next, but they can influence you to do unhelpful things. It's not jews – but rather every adherent of an abrahamic religion. They're all reptilian ideas.

TO resist them, you just resist them. Not much they can do about it.

Also, being only about 6-8 inches tall, they're not very scary either.From what I've read the fourth dimension is the transitional phase where the ultimate result will be 5D. I could be mistaken however. I have not read the law of one though. Jump to the dimension where your spoon is a rock.  Report back.

Oh, and you're not blinking out.  You're delusional.There are surface similarities that are mistaken for comparison. Lady Gaga is in a whole other dimension.
Ditto on the upvote just not that last part lolThe fourth book is called "so long and thanks for all the fish" which is the final message from the dolphins who went "missing" from earth. I feel satisfied believing that he's relating to his time in china searching for any signs of the baiji dolphin. Subtly referencing stuff is Douglas Adams game.

Edit: i do like your edit, that resonates with certain themes that i've been entertaining of late. I think he's very capable of creating a narrative with meanings on many levels and that fits with obscure, deeper meaning that can be found in the book.

Edity Edit:I think i should admit that i've been giving more and more thought to the possibility of extra terrestrial life. I have seen no proof whatsoever but watching what seems to be a global pantomime carried out on the most meticulously prepared stage it makes me thing that it'd fit so well as the cause behind how we've got to this "point". It may just be me making it fit in my mind but if i asked myself what it would look like if a very advanced species migrated to or involved themselves with a lesser species on another planet, what would it look like? I find myself saying that it'd look something like the social structures we have in place today with religions and followings to boot. Surely the most effective prison is one where the prisoners don't realise they are in one, no need for any of the entrappings that make it obvious it's a prison.

With that in mind i suddenly wonder if Douglas Adams was red-pilled as fuck and died at about 50 due to a "heart attack" like so many others; i'm okay thinking a bit crazy sometimes. If you only let yourself think thoughts that are labeled as normal and since you can only label a thought once you know it then you can never know another new thought.

Edit Squared: I've also been thinking about the ideas in bhuddism where all of reality is like game for the sake of it, played out by a single consciousness which is trying to pretend that it doesn't know itself. Embodying each of our biological mobile units but pretending not to remember that each of us are the same mind. 

Douglas Adams is saying that the Earth is an experiment carried out by pan dimensional beings attempting to ask The Question, except that they are not sure what that question is. The super computer tells them the answer is 42. If i understand bhuddism i think that the answer makes absolute sense, the point of asking the question is to be in a state of seeking. Asking the question of questions, maybe so that no other question might need be asked because then you would just "get it" and not need to ask anymore. 

The computer replies 42 because the computer knows that the state of seeking and questioning only arises because the questioner chooses to question. This is why they say that the relationship between cause and effect is the reverse. Like a problem that only exists because you are seeking the solution to it. Many of the strange Zen sayings seem to try and create this realisation within the listener. Therefore any answer will do because then you will stop seeking if you trust that it is the answer, 42 may as well do. 

The pan dimensional beings are still unsettled though and need to understand more so in the story they physically create a ball of rock called the earth (in the movie we even see water hoses filling the oceans) but i like to think of things a bit less materialistically and since the pan dimensional beings are supposed to exist on another dimension then i could almost see the earth being a projection of thought maybe. The entire earth being an experiment to further understand the question...i'm going gooey with the thought of how deep the ideas that he's reaching towards are. This is like the matrix and bhuddism wrapped up in the most compelling humour sci-fi fantasy novel that i know of. 
Look into Foundations of Geopolitics. Deepening division in the US is a major Russian geopolitical objective, since they have long realized that they cannot compete on any economic, military or cultural dimension. Instead it K's far more effective to accelerate the divide between Europe and US and within the US. And Trump was a perfect vehicle for exactly that. "a dimension that is a dark reflection, or echo, of our world. It is a place of decay and death, a plane out of phase, a place of monsters. It is right next to you and you do not even see it". Yeah i feel exactly the same about my intelligence...i feel ashamed also and guilty if i am stoned but i do this for 15 years so it cant be good mentally.

And still its like you said i cant go a day without its like i am in another dimension and when i stop smoking my whole body hurts mentally and physically.. 
I want my life back and my memories also. 
Last year i stopped for eight months but i relapsed,
In the beginning it went oke i had controle over myself and i smoked only smoked like 1 sticky icky in the weekend and that was absolute bliss.
Then one time i smoked more than one joint and it was like a switch in my head and i needed weed to feel good even though most of the time i feel worse when i smoke...
For me it has some benefits smoking autisme wise but the other effects are just killing me.
It makes me feel i am throwing away my life, my social skills, my future job, girlfriend..
Sometimes i get a clear moment and its like yes i am gonna quit and then when the weed runs out i panick because i cant get no sleep.
But did you now because you smoke alot when you sleep your brains wont go into the important phase of REM sleep, thats why every morning i feel exhausted and i barely sleep good anymore because i have problems with insomnia.
So yes the only good thing is quiting but i dont drink beer or something else so my life is so boring then.
I am gonna try quiting for a few weeks and try to regulate again, and hope it works because if you can do that its heaven.
Srry for the long answer.Once this is posted 12 times a gateway will open and the aliens(demons to religious folk) will finally have access to our dimension.  Hm. DMT can generally get you to a kind of "timeless" dimension, so that wouldn't surprise me. But I think it's still quite surprising to have this happen to you without tripping.What if I were to say that consciousness/perception can transcend dimensions?  Is that a possibility to you?  What if consciousness/perception can leave this dimension and go to another, thereby leaving Earth (and transcending gravity, or acting against it)?  Do you think that's possible?

If you say yes, then why are flesh and bone bodies not transcending Earth, thus gravity, yet our consciousness can transcend Earth, thus gravity?

If you say no, then why is our consciousness/perception trapped on Earth?  Is it because our bodies are trapped on Earth, thus gravity?&gt;Our last paradigm, the religious paradigm, was there anywhere in that construct of beliefs an allowance of this type of action of astral travel with the body?

Well, actually, yes, within the religious paradigm, for Christianity, while not proven yet, were prophecies that the "rapture" event could cause believers physical bodies to be taken to another dimension (in this case, Heaven).

Furthermore, there has been precedents within the history of Judaism/Christianity, stated in the Holy Bible, that Enoch and Elijah were "taken" away in their bodies.

Enoch - Hebrews 11:5: "By faith Enoch was taken from this life, so that he did not experience death: ‘He could not be found, because God had taken him away.’"

Elijah - 2 Kings 2:11-12: "11 And it came to pass, as they still went on, and talked, that, behold, there appeared a chariot of fire, and horses of fire, and parted them both asunder; and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven.

12 And Elisha saw it, and he cried, My father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof. And he saw him no more: and he took hold of his own clothes, and rent them in two pieces."

Obviously this depends on faith that what is written in the Holy Bible is true.

Ok about going.  I hope you have a good night; I enjoyed the conversation also.  Peace to you too.Those are interesting. As you an see those prophecies aren't quite set and stone , and the rapture will transition to anyone having this ability to travel their body temporarily to another dimension and then return.

This will be as easy as walking into another room.  The prophecies predict the end to that paradigm, that's all. We begin the new one. Take pride in that. We will be the ones who help insert the paridigm into the world that will last for the next millennia of this earthexperience. That is why so many exist right now is to lend energy to this shift. To actually create a new direction of the human experience. And we are changing direction and moving into this unknown as a collective. The emergence of the subjective will literally open up new worlds to explore. I am constantly trying to stay on the leading edge of it. 

We will talk more , I will invite you to my sub also if i haven't already.I replied to you elsewhere with this:

"What if I were to say that consciousness/perception can transcend dimensions? Is that a possibility to you? What if consciousness/perception can leave this dimension and go to another, thereby leaving Earth (and transcending gravity, or acting against it)? Do you think that's possible?

If you say yes, then why are flesh and bone bodies not transcending Earth, thus gravity, yet our consciousness can transcend Earth, thus gravity?

If you say no, then why is our consciousness/perception trapped on Earth? Is it because our bodies are trapped on Earth, thus gravity?"accepted it was all around us at all times, just in a different overlaying dimension &gt; Mice are not, as is commonly assumed on Earth, small white squeaking animals who spend a lot of time being experimented on.

&gt;In fact, they are the protrusions into our dimension of hyper-intellegent pan-dimensional beings. These beings are in fact responsible for the creation of the Earth. The thought that one human being can not only create a means of time travel but do it without anybody knowing about it is just silly. In another sense, time passes and it's gone. Drop an egg on the ground, it is now in pieces and cannot be repaired to its original state. That eggs time has passed. It is physically impossible to travel backwards in time, it just doesnt work. No worm hole or 5th dimension will help you get there. Someone on /r/conspiracy is questioning why /r/conspiracy is all bout Western countries and the US in particular? What alternate dimension is this? 

Ofcourse this sub focuses on the US and their allies because those are the ruling global powers. You have zilch idea what you're talking about on this subject. I've spent ten years on it. I have with 100% certainty encountered a separate higher intelligence in this other dimension on DMT. You'll hear most people who are experienced with it say that. You should watch "DMT: The Spirit Molecule." No, seriously, take the time. It's free on YouTube. Or at least listen to some stories, such as this one:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VavdCpewQbA&amp;t=9s

These things really happen, and you need to try it. It's deeply life-changing.i dont need a body that is proven to bee from the 1st century, there are just to much stuff pointing to the fact that most of the main stream history we have today is wrong in so many ways. 

but you could be the one that breaks the case! maybe this is your calling in life.
i will be your mental assistant from the synthetic 4 dimension ( internet )you can write to me at any moment and i will assist you


on a side note. 
 im not even a christian but it feels like i understand the message better then most Christians.

 &gt;As if burying its head in the sand re URL_REPLACED" has entered the life on Mars debate on the side of the same naysayers at NASA who deny the evidence, read on.

This is what NASA is not telling you ..

**A URL_REPLACED in 2008, shows a robed figure wearing a crown.**

&gt;That he could pass for a modern man turns Charles Darwin's URL_REPLACED on its head, as well it refutes Adam and Eve and the notion men evolved from Ethiopian ape brutes.

 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.

Sources URL_REPLACED 

&gt;Curiosity Rover landed in Gale Crater which is three miles deep and one hundred mi across, which means the impact that formed the crater displaced some 7,500 cubic miles of volcanic ash, to reveal an ancient surface that is in large part intact!

&gt;The ash blanket that covers much of Mars' surface came from successive eruptions of volcanoes on the Tharsis Shield, which are said to have occurred between "3.7 billion and 500 million yrs ago." URL_REPLACED.

&gt;The classical civilization that produced the statues and built the URL_REPLACED predated the Tharsis eruptions, which enlarges the evolutionary time frame out of sight, as well it adds the dimension of space travel.

 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED

&gt;Data returned by the Soviet URL_REPLACED

&gt;The Venus skulls did receive limited exposure in off beat publications that concentrated on URL_REPLACED for the rumor mill.

**Take another look at the URL_REPLACED image returned by the Curiosity Rover on Sol 127.**

&gt;That the Martian bears a striking resemblance to URL_REPLACED one half of the Sesame Street Bert and Ernie brotherhood, is evidence manned missions had gone to Mars by the time their characters appeared, which predated the NASA Rovers by some decades.

&gt;All of my information comes straight from the horses mouth. I care not that certain quotes may have been misconstrued over time- they often mean the same thing.

Concession to using made up quotes, and not carrying for accuracy, only the end result.  We have an ends justifying the means ideology. 

&gt;You have the ego of a Marxist. Classes are an integral part of capitalism- I'm admitting we have the semblance of capitalism. In fact, that's exactly what Marxism is- it's you blaming capitalism for your Marxist problems.

I am not blaming anything on capitalism.  It is a system that it is structured through antagonistic social relations.  Marxism is an analytic framework of these social relations. 

&gt;Marxism = class struggle within what was ONCE a capitalist system

Again to reiterate, Marxism is an analytic framework for capitalism.  Capitalism was since its beginning constructed through class struggle.  This was done through primitive accumulation, where people were kicked of the land, land was turned into private property, and people were forced into the labor market.    

Moreover its genesis was in class struggle between nobility whose power was rooted in land and a new merchant class that was starting rise.   

&gt;Yes, I am. The $34 to $70 an hour I make as a "wage slave" tends to do that.

Right, so instead carrying about the truth, or facts you let financial interest guide you. This is the spiritual destitution that the Frankfurt School warned against. 

&gt;Class based societies have existed ever since the ancient Sumerians created it.

So we have shifting of the goal post.   There is a concession that capitalist society is violent.  There is a concession that class society has a chronological beginning in history, implying a classless society is possible.   The only unsupported claims that are rally made is that fighting for transcendence of capitalism will be more violent than the consequences of not dealing with capitalism.  

&gt;What? Let's look at the pillars of capitalism:

So land had to be converted to private property, this was a social process. 

Each individual agent doing what they think is rational leads to irrational situations. For example, every car driver wanting to take a shortest route leads to being stuck in traffic.   The idea that it leads to the greatest good, is not true philosophically speaking, and is not supported in economic theory. 

&gt;self-interest, through which people act in pursuit of their own good, without regard for sociopolitical pressure. Nonetheless, these uncoordinated individuals end up benefiting society as if, in the words of Smith’s 1776 Wealth of Nations, they were guided by an invisible hand;

Smith was making a claim that sometimes people end up fulfilling good ends without pursuing them as goals.  He also recognized that there are market failures, and that the government has to intervene sometimes to save the system.

&gt;competition, through firms’ freedom to enter and exit markets, maximizes social welfare, that is, the joint welfare of both producers and consumers;

Unless the barriers are borders, because the entry into a market where labor cost is depressed causes wage decreases at home.  That is why we have had real wage stagnation since the 70's. Moreover the evidence is clear that there is tendency towards monopolization, and that companies that monopolize use all means necessary to create barriers of entry for other firms.   

&gt;a market mechanism that determines prices in a decentralized manner through interactions between buyers and sellers—prices, in return, allocate resources, which naturally seek the highest reward, not only for goods and services but for wages as well;

Most mechanism are very centralized, as are most markets.  Moreover the market mechanism is not capable of pricing externalities.  As such it is not a good allocator of resources.  Your description also  does not address asymmetries of power accorded to collective institutions, like corporations, vs individual entities like real people. 

&gt;freedom to choose with respect to consumption, production, and investment—dissatisfied customers can buy different products, investors can pursue more lucrative ventures, workers can leave their jobs for better pay; and

All freedom is reduced to this, choosing products.   Completely ignoring the tendency towards monopolization, large machinery that has been constructed to manipulate and create needs and desires so markets can be created for these products. Otherwise we would have a crisis of overproduction. 

&gt;limited role of government, to protect the rights of private citizens and maintain an orderly environment that facilitates proper functioning of markets.

There it is, a concession that the markets functioning require state power, let me raise the bar.  Markets to exist, period, have to be created through state intervention. 

&gt;More utter bullshit blaming capitalism for Marxist ideology. It is Marxism which perverts capitalism in this manner. THAT'S THE ENTIRE POINT

This has nothing to do with Marxist ideology.  That particular critique is coming from ecological thinking. 

&gt;That's literally one of Cultural Marxisms goals- spiritual emptiness.

Right, that is why Fromm wrote books about finding meaning, and that is why Marx wrote about alienation.   All the while treating religions like products to be sold on a market.   It is capitalism that defiles the spiritual dimension turning it into a realm of consumption.   The fact that you don't know this about the Frankfurt school is just further evidence that you have not actually read them. 

&gt;The system will become more and more unstable whether there are Marxists or not. 

Was the great depression the cause of Marxism too, how about the 2008 economic crisis?   Crises are an integral part of capitalism.  Whether or not that is against your religion is not really material.  That is a fact.  Economics acknowledges this and attempts to provide solutions, that is a fact. Marxism acknowledges this and attempts to provide an analysis that can be used to transcend capitalism. That is a fact.  You labeling the concrete reality of the capitalist economy Marxism, has nothing to do with facts. 

&gt;Marxists are "reactionary". You are supplanting the word and the ideology behind it, swapping out capitalism for Marxism. Marxisms entire goal is to try to make it seem as though it is capitalism, and you've fallen for it, hook, line, and sinker.

Capitalism is the economic system that we have that is historical. Marxism is just an analysis of this.  There will never be a Marxist social system, because Marxism is not a society that is established.   It is only an analytical framework. 




&gt; Concession to using made up quotes, and not carrying for accuracy, only the end result. We have an ends justifying the means ideology.

 - Yet, you can't sum up what's wrong with my ideology without pointing to the incredibly Marxist attributes of our system

"I am not blaming anything on capitalism. It is a system that it is structured through antagonistic social relations. Marxism is an analytic framework of these social relations."

 - Uh, yeah, you kind of are. You;re blaming capitalism for Marxism. That's fucking huge, and it's what you were brainwashed to do.

"Again to reiterate, Marxism is an analytic framework for capitalism."

 - No. It's how to stage a revolution in capitalist America.

"Capitalism was since its beginning constructed through class struggle."

 - If you have class struggle, you simply don't have capitalism. **Class struggle is the single most defining characteristic of Marxism.**

"Moreover its genesis was in class struggle between nobility "

 - What are you talking about? There was a period in America where land **was literally free**.

"Right, so instead carrying about the truth, or facts you let financial interest guide you. This is the spiritual destitution that the Frankfurt School warned against."

 - What "truth" is there but happiness? You think it's just me earning money? Everyone has the same ability. I had to go to school in order to weld. It didn't come freely. I earned it. A concept you can't swallow because you and all other Marxists refuse to take responsibility for yourselves. You want everything handed to you. **Everyone has the right to let their financial interests guide them, not just me.** That's what makes capitalism fair.

"So we have shifting of the goal post. There is a concession that capitalist society is violent."

 - From who, the nincompoops in the universities pushing Marxism? Not one ounce of critical thinking among them. Capitalism doesn't have any violent attributes- it's a freaking economic system, not a war ethos. Sheesh- your lack of basic conceptual understanding is just appalling.

"Right, so instead carrying about the truth, or facts you let financial interest guide you. This is the spiritual destitution that the Frankfurt School warned against."

 - So, where you were a student of Marx you're now a student of the Frankfurt School. How can you be real?

Our so-called "spiritual destitution" has given us technology. Technology is purely the result of capitalism. I am an Atlantean, I exist for technology. Capitalism is what has taken us into the stars, and it's the only thing that will allow us to branch out into the universe.

"There is a concession that class society has a chronological beginning in history, implying a classless society is possible."

 - So much confusion on your part. I never said a classless society wasn't possible. Here's my problem with it:

 - you can't take more risk for more reward.

 - everyone must eat the same 

 - everyone must dress the same

 - everyone must live in the same kind of house

Now, I realize you're going to disagree with the above sentiment, and I'm quite literally setting you up for failure. So tell me, why don't we all have to be the same, live the same, dress the same?

Marxism dictates that in a sea of white flamencos, the pink one must die, and you don't understand this.

"So land had to be converted to private property, this was a social process."

 - Private property, regardless of laws, is an illusion because we all die. However, it's FUN to pretend you own something, and I agree with the permanence of private property that was the cornerstone of capitalism until 1900, when property taxes were first introduced.

"Each individual agent doing what they think is rational leads to irrational situations. For example, every car driver wanting to take a shortest route leads to being stuck in traffic."

 - Never mind that cars don't exist in a truly socialist system, nor roads. **Capitalism see's the traffic, AND BUILDS NEW ROADS.** Marxism gets rid of the cars.

"Smith was making a claim that sometimes people end up fulfilling good ends without pursuing them as goals. He also recognized that there are market failures, and that the government has to intervene sometimes to save the system."

 - Marxist take the term 'free market' literally. **You can't have a free market without heavy regulations as it is even easier to lock competitors out of the market.**

"Unless the barriers are borders, because the entry into a market where labor cost is depressed causes wage decreases at home. That is why we have had real wage stagnation since the 70's. Moreover the evidence is clear that there is tendency towards monopolization, and that companies that monopolize use all means necessary to create barriers of entry for other firms."

 - All a result of Marxism. Look, do you know what kind of effect getting rid of gold backed currency had on capitalism? **It destroyed it**. You're blaming all the wrong externalities for why capitalism failed.

"Completely ignoring the tendency towards monopolization"

 - Policies, lack of policies, and lack of strong regulation is what allows monopolies to come into existence. 

Example: DuPont is getting too big for it's britches. **Break it into two companies, actually start making them pay taxes (as they don't, now)**.

You see, you think monopolies are a result of capitalism, but capitalism's main goal is not to collapse. **Anything which threatens the foundation of capitalism, as monopolies do, must be remedied through regulation.**

"Most mechanism are very centralized, as are most markets. "

 - What?! No... they are not. At least not within a capitalist system, as they work against it. **Anything which works against capitalism, IS MARXIST, as Marxism is the process of capitalisms failure.**

"All freedom is reduced to this, choosing products"

 - Yeah? What about the freedom to think, the freedom to choose, act, and dress as I see fit. How about the freedom to use drugs? The freedom of mobility. The freedom to choose from and entire range of products. If you want to drop out of this system, NOTHING IS STOPPING YOU. Try dropping out of communism- you'll be on the end of rope.

"There it is, a concession that the markets functioning require state power, let me raise the bar. Markets to exist, period, have to be created through state intervention."

 - Are you fucking kidding? **CAPITALISM DOESN'T WORK WITHOUT MARKET REGULATION.** The term "free market" is just another Marxist perversion to justify our current state of affairs. There is no free market without strong regulation.

" It is capitalism that defiles the spiritual dimension turning it into a realm of consumption."

 - What do you really know about spirituality? Huh? Have you taken LSD dozens of times? Have you spent over half a decade in prison? A decade as a heroin addict? I have. I have half the mind that you haven't had any spiritual experiences, and that you've experienced very little real struggle. You're the privileged attempting to speak for the non-privileged.

"It is capitalism that defiles the spiritual dimension turning it into a realm of consumption."

 - Capitalism gives me 7 months a year of free time. I work for 4, or 5 months. Everything is just party time. **Everyone has this ability, unless you're literally retarded.**

"Was the great depression the cause of Marxism too, how about the 2008 economic crisis?"

 - Yes, The Fed was already established. It caused the Great Depression via Rothschild and his henchmen. They profited from it greatly, as once we collapsed, they were able to buy up property and stocks for pennies on the dollar.

**This country has been Marxist since it's inception. True capitalism HAS NEVER BEEN TRIED HERE OR ANYWHERE ELSE.**

I'm done, I can talk to you anymore. Too much projection bias.&gt; Concession to using made up quotes, and not carrying for accuracy, only the end result. We have an ends justifying the means ideology.

 - Yet, you can't sum up what's wrong with my ideology without pointing to the incredibly Marxist attributes of our system

"I am not blaming anything on capitalism. It is a system that it is structured through antagonistic social relations. Marxism is an analytic framework of these social relations."

 - Uh, yeah, you kind of are. You;re blaming capitalism for Marxism. That's fucking huge, and it's what you were brainwashed to do.

"Again to reiterate, Marxism is an analytic framework for capitalism."

 - No. It's how to stage a revolution in capitalist America.

"Capitalism was since its beginning constructed through class struggle."

 - If you have class struggle, you simply don't have capitalism. **Class struggle is the single most defining characteristic of Marxism.**

"Moreover its genesis was in class struggle between nobility "

 - What are you talking about? There was a period in America where land **was literally free**.

"Right, so instead carrying about the truth, or facts you let financial interest guide you. This is the spiritual destitution that the Frankfurt School warned against."

 - What "truth" is there but happiness? You think it's just me earning money? Everyone has the same ability. I had to go to school in order to weld. It didn't come freely. I earned it. A concept you can't swallow because you and all other Marxists refuse to take responsibility for yourselves. You want everything handed to you. **Everyone has the right to let their financial interests guide them, not just me.** That's what makes capitalism fair.

"So we have shifting of the goal post. There is a concession that capitalist society is violent."

 - From who, the nincompoops in the universities pushing Marxism? Not one ounce of critical thinking among them. Capitalism doesn't have any violent attributes- it's a freaking economic system, not a war ethos. Sheesh- your lack of basic conceptual understanding is just appalling.

"Right, so instead carrying about the truth, or facts you let financial interest guide you. This is the spiritual destitution that the Frankfurt School warned against."

 - So, where you were a student of Marx you're now a student of the Frankfurt School. How can you be real?

Our so-called "spiritual destitution" has given us technology. Technology is purely the result of capitalism. I am an Atlantean, I exist for technology. Capitalism is what has taken us into the stars, and it's the only thing that will allow us to branch out into the universe.

"There is a concession that class society has a chronological beginning in history, implying a classless society is possible."

 - So much confusion on your part. I never said a classless society wasn't possible. Here's my problem with it:

 - you can't take more risk for more reward.

 - everyone must eat the same 

 - everyone must dress the same

 - everyone must live in the same kind of house

Now, I realize you're going to disagree with the above sentiment, and I'm quite literally setting you up for failure. So tell me, why don't we all have to be the same, live the same, dress the same?

Marxism dictates that in a sea of white flamencos, the pink one must die, and you don't understand this.

"So land had to be converted to private property, this was a social process."

 - Private property, regardless of laws, is an illusion because we all die. However, it's FUN to pretend you own something, and I agree with the permanence of private property that was the cornerstone of capitalism until 1900, when property taxes were first introduced.

"Each individual agent doing what they think is rational leads to irrational situations. For example, every car driver wanting to take a shortest route leads to being stuck in traffic."

 - Never mind that cars don't exist in a truly socialist system, nor roads. **Capitalism see's the traffic, AND BUILDS NEW ROADS.** Marxism gets rid of the cars.

"Smith was making a claim that sometimes people end up fulfilling good ends without pursuing them as goals. He also recognized that there are market failures, and that the government has to intervene sometimes to save the system."

 - Marxist take the term 'free market' literally. **You can't have a free market without heavy regulations as it is even easier to lock competitors out of the market.**

"Unless the barriers are borders, because the entry into a market where labor cost is depressed causes wage decreases at home. That is why we have had real wage stagnation since the 70's. Moreover the evidence is clear that there is tendency towards monopolization, and that companies that monopolize use all means necessary to create barriers of entry for other firms."

 - All a result of Marxism. Look, do you know what kind of effect getting rid of gold backed currency had on capitalism? **It destroyed it**. You're blaming all the wrong externalities for why capitalism failed.

"Completely ignoring the tendency towards monopolization"

 - Policies, lack of policies, and lack of strong regulation is what allows monopolies to come into existence. 

Example: DuPont is getting too big for it's britches. **Break it into two companies, actually start making them pay taxes (as they don't, now)**.

You see, you think monopolies are a result of capitalism, but capitalism's main goal is not to collapse. **Anything which threatens the foundation of capitalism, as monopolies do, must be remedied through regulation.**

"Most mechanism are very centralized, as are most markets. "

 - What?! No... they are not. At least not within a capitalist system, as they work against it. **Anything which works against capitalism, IS MARXIST, as Marxism is the process of capitalisms failure.**

"All freedom is reduced to this, choosing products"

 - Yeah? What about the freedom to think, the freedom to choose, act, and dress as I see fit. How about the freedom to use drugs? The freedom of mobility. The freedom to choose from and entire range of products. If you want to drop out of this system, NOTHING IS STOPPING YOU. Try dropping out of communism- you'll be on the end of rope.

"There it is, a concession that the markets functioning require state power, let me raise the bar. Markets to exist, period, have to be created through state intervention."

 - Are you fucking kidding? **CAPITALISM DOESN'T WORK WITHOUT MARKET REGULATION.** The term "free market" is just another Marxist perversion to justify our current state of affairs. There is no free market without strong regulation.

" It is capitalism that defiles the spiritual dimension turning it into a realm of consumption."

 - What do you really know about spirituality? Huh? Have you taken LSD dozens of times? Have you spent over half a decade in prison? A decade as a heroin addict? I have. I have half the mind that you haven't had any spiritual experiences, and that you've experienced very little real struggle. You're the privileged attempting to speak for the non-privileged.

"It is capitalism that defiles the spiritual dimension turning it into a realm of consumption."

 - Capitalism gives me 7 months a year of free time. I work for 4, or 5 months. Everything is just party time. **Everyone has this ability, unless you're literally retarded.**

"Was the great depression the cause of Marxism too, how about the 2008 economic crisis?"

 - Yes, The Fed was already established. It caused the Great Depression via Rothschild and his henchmen. They profited from it greatly, as once we collapsed, they were able to buy up property and stocks for pennies on the dollar.

**This country has been Marxist since it's inception. True capitalism HAS NEVER BEEN TRIED HERE OR ANYWHERE ELSE.**

Do you not understand very basic and simple quarantine measures [contamination protocol] as they are described? or are there none and NASA and everyone else have been lying about them.

Choose carefully. Also, although this appears similar to a false dichotomy it's not. One can either test or not test for exobiological life after visiting another planet or moon [dimension - whatever]. There's only two options.His podcast is unlistenable.  He doesnt take breaths for like 4 straight hours.  Makes me think hes a lizard from the lower 4th dimension.Whether or not ETs exist or ever existed, it baffles me that many people are more willing to spend their lives hoping for 'contact' when there are innumerable aliens happy to have a chat right here, right now, in a very nearby dimension. All it requires is one to look into the darkness for long enough.Silent weapons for quiet wars, my friend.

There is no absolutes here.  What do you expect, everyone to be either dumb or smart?  To be lazy or not lazy?

Nope, 'tis not how the world works.  Its a spectrum; there are no black or whites in terms of complex psychological or intellectual traits.  

But let me tell you this, if one wanted an advantage, he'd slide the bell curve (**minus him or herself!**) to the "left" where "right" is better (in whatever dimension is of importance - creativity, motivation, clear thinking, healthiness, productivity, happiness, spirituality)

What say you to *this*???If a higher dimension entity isn't a designer that how is this being created, by our own minds?  Lol I wonder if Mario and Luigi are atheists. hi. i think the noise is a sort of alarm that goes off when people or entities cross into this dimensionJust read some reviews. 

&gt; In order ''to truly learn from the Nazi holocaust,'' he asserts, ''its physical dimension must be reduced and its moral dimension expanded.'' Whatever that might mean, it comes as no surprise that his views about the origins, nature and implications of the genocide of the Jews are but a series of vague, undocumented and contradictory assertions. Thus, for instance, in one place he writes that the ''historical evidence for a murderous gentile impulse is nil,'' and rejects the notion that there might have been an ''abandonment of the Jews'' by the United States government. But in another place he charges that the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum ''mutes the Christian background to European anti-Semitism'' and ''downplays the discriminatory U.S. immigration quotas before the war,'' and then goes on to cite approvingly David S. Wyman's book, ''The Abandonment of the Jews.''

So yes, I will be giving it a miss. I'd recommend the one you've mentioned in your post. You won't be skeptical anymore. It is awe-inspiring to say the least. You will end up in another dimension.i love that time travelling dimension hopper. Where/When is John Titor anyway. My boss's daughter is also seven years old. She was convinced she almost reeled in an alligator out of the  sewer drain, with a stick. Two minutes later she's trying to tell everyone Abe found a secret portal to another dimension in the driveway. 

But yeah, this Syrian girl knows the truth. I'm sure she's catching sewer fish and entering other dimensions when she isn't defending her homeland over Twitter. /s
&gt;Did you know you can also see ships that disappear by zooming in with a camera?

Thats only true for things that have JUST disappeared, most because of distortion from long distances and evaporating water, seriously do this yourself. Take something with a good digital zoom, watch a ship as it disappears. Zoom and you will see it dip below the horizon. Then climb a lighthouse tower, and you can see it again.

&gt;The ocean SHOULD dip relative to itself because when you are on a globe 

Only if you draw a tangent line from the surface of that sphere. Let me illustrate. 

http://i.imgur.com/2rRlMIz.jpg

You're talking about a tangential line, but we live in a 3D reality. Again the basic concept of climbing a tree to see further makes no sense on a flat plane, especially when you claimed our sight distance is inhibited by particulate matter in the air (Which is partially true). 

EDIT: The ocean's surface defines the 0-point for elevation. The ocean dips relative to itself if you draw a straight cartesian tangent line. With spherical coordinates, which is what defines gravity on this planet, a constant acceleration towards the center of a sphere, the ocean is always a specific radius from the center of mass of the earth, so its r-dimension does not change. You and I have come to certain impasses like this before, so I know you likely won't accept any of this.  

As you may have seen in my other comments, I believe that at the beginning of the Universe the dimensions divided (1-12+) and physical processes and functions like gravity, electromagnetism, chemistry, and time began simultaneously alongside the energy of life or consciousness, which I also believe is the only physical process that transcends all spatial and temporal boundaries. 

This conscious energy is what is known as a protodite. Something able to divide its energy from 1 into 2 equal parts. Being conscious, with each new division came a new "mind" and eventually there was discord among them. The few who were dissatisfied with the many decided to inhabit and influence life in the 3rd dimension and bring chaos. (This may sound familiar if you've ever studied religion.) 

The reptilian brain being the least evolved of intelligent vertebrate life, they were the easiest intelligence to inhabit and control. They bred themselves a humanoid reptilian hybrid and these physical forms acted as vessels for the "evil" side of consciousness to use in the 3rd dimension. These reptilians, the physical form for the use of "evil" energy, seek out life and control it to create further chaos. (Think the Matrix) The more chaos and imbalance in the Universe, the stronger it gets. 

So, when David Icke talks about reptilians, he is talking about "evil" energy controlling and influencing affairs on Earth, and the entire 3rd dimension, via a reptilian-humanoid hybrid physical form. 

Laughable, I know.
DMT, ayahuasca and LSD among others are drugs that somehow open a gateway to the 4th dimension.  Meditation, yoga, being half asleep and other drugs also do it but not as quickly and effectively.  The problem is that most people aren't aware that the 4th dimension is where demons live and thats who they meet and interact with while on the drug. They can attach to you and make your life hell after the drug wears off.  You're inviting them to when you get on their radar by entering their territory willingly.  God requires that we chose Him or Satan and if you don't make a choice, you default to choosing Satan because God requires obedience. 

Those aren't alien beings people are talking about seeing in their lsd or DMT trips.  It's always demons.  Demons hate humans. They also trick us by disguising themselves as things a person feels is safe like a dead loved one, child,  animal or cute creature.  The end goal of a demon is to take your soul but they try to trick you into letting them by pretending to be a good spirit,  alien etc. all aliens are demons.  Anything that weakens your critical faculties opens a gateway for demon possession.    

The only thing that will protect you is Jesus. If you are in a dream or are tripping, and you encounter another being, call out Jesus' name.  It will go away. If it's a very high ranking demon you might have to do it repeatedly. Say to the demon:  "by the blood of Jesus Christ, I command you to leave and never return."  This works for "alien" encounters and sleep paralysis ( which is a demon attack). Personally, I think here is the only place they are and have ever been. Just a different dimension. Check out this Carl Sagan video describing the 4th dimension. It totally clicks with you once you watch. Worth it....

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=N7K5KjOdLD8I've struggled with the same existential dread since I was you age. My journey some 15 years later brought me to this quote by comparative mythologist and philosopher Joseph Campbell. Its the one thing that grounds me and helps me simply just breathe sometimes.

"Eternity isn't some later time. Eternity isn't a long time. Eternity has nothing to do with time. Eternity is that dimension of here and now which thinking and time cuts out. This is it. And if you don't get it here, you won't get it anywhere. And the experience of eternity right here and now is the function of life. There's a wonderful formula that the Buddhists have for the Bodhisattva, the one whose being (sattva) is illumination (bodhi), who realizes his identity with eternity and at the same time his participation in time. And the attitude is not to withdraw from the world when you realize how horrible it is, but to realize that this horror is simply the foreground of a wonder and to come back and participate in it. "All life is sorrowful" is the first Buddhist saying, and it is. It wouldn't be life if there were not temporality involved which is sorrow. Loss, loss, loss."

Tldr: temporality allows us to experience reality. We can't know happiness if we don't know sadness. And the only way to experience them in a meaningful way is linearly. 

Check out his interview series "The Power of Myth" on livelearnevolve and maybe try picking up one of his texts. The hero with a thousand faces is probably the best place to start. 

Good luck on your journey friend, life is a wild ride.But if you don't minus the old religious flat earth theory then you've got yourself a several thousand years old conspiracy that conceals where you are and what's going on. 

Why discount ancient texts? 

Earth is a realm, a dimension. We might be inside saturn's cube! I have seen the Reptilians in the Astral Afterlife. They are 9 feet tall. The afterlife is the same as here with houses, bars, automobiles. I have been there numerous times and have spent hours at a time there. I have eaten food and drank beer there. It is almost exactly like this dimension, except you can move objects and sometimes actually spawn objects using mental power. Unfortunately the Afterlife is in sort of a "martial law" scenario. There is actually way less freedom there. The NWO is out in the open there and they rule for their masters the Reptilians. Telekinesis is real in that dimension, but is against the law. It can be used to take down anything that attacks you.I am an expert at Astral Projection and Lucid Dreaming. Most UFO come from the Astral Dimension which is also the land of dreams and nightmares. These are possibly REAL ufo you are seeing. They can go in and out of our dimension.Occult ritual abuse is 100% real and evil.  It's, however, such a complex issue with regards to how it even exists but I'm sure you're "woke" enough :).  I can't believe I just said "woke."  It's as old as the bible, this system of abuse.  Baphomet seem to just be some hip symbol (I mean it obviously has deeper meaning, not to belittle it), because the real practitioners believe in a far more complex system then something as simple as hermaphrodite worship. Think the movie "Arrival."  That movie was HARDCORE what a LOT of the "elite", to other practitioners, believe and practice.  Interdimensional advanced aliens, a circular language of time/dimension manipulation, etc. 
 That movie IMO was a profound masterpiece/message that went over the heads of most.If she's channeling a higher dimensional consciousness, how can you, from a third dimensional consciousness, try to say it's not true when you can't even tell if it's truth yourself? See what I'm trying to say?

You're claiming it hasn't started yet but say there is a discrepancy, well how can we say for sure? 

I'll take the perspective from a higher dimension standpoint, instead of a judgemental third dimension mindset such as yours..'Cultural Marxism' in modern political parlance refers to a conspiracy theory which sees the Frankfurt School as part of an ongoing movement to take over and destroy Western society.
 
Originally the term 'cultural Marxism' had a niche academic usage within cultural studies where it referred to a form of **anti-capitalist cultural critique** which specifically targets those aspects of culture that are seen as profit driven and mass produced under capitalism. **As an area of discourse it has commonly considered the industrialization and mass-production of culture by The Culture Industry as having an overall negative effect on society**, an effect **which reifies the audience away from developing a more authentic sense of human values**. British theorists such as Richard Hoggart of The Birmingham School developed a working class sense of 'British Cultural Marxism' which also objected to the "massification" and "drift" away from local cultures, a process of commercialization Hoggart saw as being enabled by tabloid newspapers, advertising, and the American film industry.
 
However, the term remained niche and rarely used until the late 1990s when it was **appropriated by paleoconservatives** as part of an ongoing Culture War in which it is **claimed that the very same theorists who were analysing and objecting to the "massification" and mass control via commercialization of culture were in fact in control and staging their own attack on Western society**, using 1960s counter culture, multiculturalism, progressive politics and political correctness as their methods. This conspiracy theory version of the term is associated with American religious paleoconservatives such as **William S. Lind, Pat Buchanan, and Paul Weyrich**, but also holds currency among **alt-right/white nationalist groups and the neo-reactionary movement**.
 
Weyrich first aired his conception of Cultural Marxism in a 1998 speech to the Civitas Institute's Conservative Leadership Conference, later repeating this usage in his widely syndicated Culture War Letter. At Weyrich's request William S. Lind wrote a short history of his conception of Cultural Marxism for The Free Congress Foundation; in it Lind identifies **the presence of homosexuals on television as proof of Cultural Marxist control over the mass media** and claims that Herbert Marcuse considered a coalition of "blacks, students, feminist women and homosexuals" as a vanguard of cultural revolution. Lind has since published his own depiction of a fictional Cultural Marxist apocalypse. **Lind and Weyrich's writings on this subject advocate fighting what they perceive as Cultural Marxism with "a vibrant cultural conservatism" composed of "retroculture" fashions from the past, a return to rail systems as public transport and an agrarian culture of self-reliance modeled after the Amish**. Paul Weyrich and his protégé Eric Heubeck later openly advocated for a more direct form of "taking over political structures" by the "New Traditionalist Movement" in his 2001 paper The Integration of Theory and Practice written for Weyrich's Free Congress Foundation.
 
In 1999 Lind led the creation of an hour-long program entitled "Political Correctness: The Frankfurt School". Some of Lind's content went on to be reproduced by James Jaeger in his YouTube film "CULTURAL MARXISM: The Corruption of America".
 
The intellectual historian Martin Jay commented on this phenomenon saying that Lind's original documentary:
 
&gt;... spawned a number of condensed textual versions, which were reproduced on a number of radical right-wing sites. These in turn led to a welter of new videos now available on YouTube, which feature an **odd cast of pseudo-experts regurgitating exactly the same line**. The message is *numbingly simplistic*: **all the ills of modern American culture**, from feminism, affirmative action, sexual liberation and gay rights to the decay of traditional education and even environmentalism **are ultimately attributable to the insidious influence of the members of the Institute for Social Research who came to America in the 1930's**.
 
Dr. Heidi Beirich likewise claims the conspiracy theory is used to demonize various conservative “bêtes noires” including "feminists, homosexuals, secular humanists, multiculturalist, sex educators, environmentalist, immigrants, and black nationalists."
 
According to Chip Berlet, who specializes in the study of extreme right-wing movements, **Cultural Marxism conspiracy theory found fertile ground within the Tea Party movement of 2009**, with contributions published in the American Thinker and WorldNetDaily highlighted by some Tea Party websites.
 
The Southern Poverty Law Center has reported that William S. Lind in 2002 gave a speech to a **Holocaust denial conference** on the topic of Cultural Marxism. In this speech Lind noted that all the members of The Frankfurt School were **"to a man, Jewish"**, but it is reported that Lind claims not to question whether the Holocaust occurred and suggests he was present in an official capacity for the Free Congress Foundation "to work with a wide variety of groups on an issue-by-issue basis".
 
Adherents of the theory often seem to mean that the existence of things like modern feminism, anti-white racism, and sexualization are dependent on the Frankfurt School, **even though these processes and movements predate the 1920s.** Although the theory became more widespread in the late 1990s and through the 2000s, the modern iteration of the theory originated in Michael Minnicino's 1992 essay "New Dark Age: Frankfurt School and 'Political Correctness'", published in Fidelio Magazine by the **Schiller Institute**. The Schiller Institute, **a branch of the LaRouche movement**, further promoted the idea in 1994. The Minnicino article charges that the Frankfurt School promoted Modernism in the arts as a form of Cultural pessimism, and shaped the Counterculture of the 1960s (such as the British pop band The Beatles) after the Wandervogel of the Ascona commune. **The Larouche movement is otherwise mostly known for believing that the British Empire still exists, is trying to take control of the world (mostly, but not exclusively by economical means), and, among other things, also controls the global drug trade.** 
 
More recently, the **Norwegian terrorist Anders Behring Breivik** included the term in his document "2083: A European Declaration of Independence", which along with The Free Congress Foundation's "Political Correctness: A Short History of an Ideology" was e-mailed to 1,003 addresses approximately 90 minutes before the 2011 bomb blast in Oslo for which Breivik was responsible. **Segments of William S. Lind's writings on Cultural Marxism have been found within Breivik's manifesto.**
 
Philosopher and political science lecturer Jérôme Jamin has stated, "Next to the global dimension of the Cultural Marxism conspiracy theory, there is its innovative and original dimension, which lets its authors avoid racist discourses and **pretend to be defenders of democracy"**. Professor and Oxford Fellow Matthew Feldman has **traced the terminology back to the pre-war German concept of Cultural Bolshevism** locating it as part of the degeneration theory that **aided in Hitler's rise to power**. William S. Lind confirms this as his period of interest, claiming that "It [Cultural Marxism] is an effort that goes back not to the 1960s and the hippies and the peace movement, but back to World War I."
 
VR and a simulated universe is probably the best way to describe interdimensional beings. They basically but their VR on and at any point in time and space they can be there. My guess though is that there could be some sort of integral like machine that could basically allow someone to "pilot" in that dimension.  They use a type of derivative to transport and colonize this dimension.  I have a professional Hewlett Packard tone generator. I haven't tried that specific frequency but I can attest to generating tones below my hearing threshold and feeling VERY weird sensations - both emotional and physical. I have a log book somewhere with my experimentation with what frequency produced what sensation. Sadly, none of the frequencies produced any floating black masses. 

The reason I even tried the experiment was because I had a dream that a friend and I were able to create a hole into another dimension by shooting a laser over the top of a huge speaker while generating a very low frequency.Reptilians, demons feeding on despair and misery from another dimension, occult stuff, all that shit that makes us sound like lunatics.How do the reptilians come into play?

Also, why did these higher dimensional beings want to experience this lower density physical dimension?Another dimension? Or reincarnation? If you are on your fourth/fifth body, then it's reincarnation, isn't it? So, your consciousness doesn't shift to another dimension, it just enters another body? Through meditation your mind can transcend the third dimension and  experience higher dimensions of consciousness despite the fact that your body remains grounded here. 

"Demon" is another word for a being or personality who exists on a dimension other than this third dimensional one whose influence can be consciously discerned or sensed here in this realm and whose energy or actions are confused, antagonistic, negative, service to self, or otherwise "evil".occultist here, let the pannicky Alex Jones Christians have their circlejerk, esoteric knowledge gains a new dimension of humor when they think you're worshipping their devil A large amount of other people around the world who do ADVANCED LUCID DREAMING and ASTRAL PROJECTION have the ability to visit other dimensions. The Astral Dimension is where people go after they die. Numerous living people around the world have the ability to visit this dimension. It is similar to here, and has houses, bars, roads and at least one ENORMOUS MALL. There are people who are still alive who can visit this mall. To keep it simple they call it "MALL WORLD".tech from this earth? tech from this dimension? considering that the the current earth created "flying triangle" is significantly smaller and less advanced than what defied physics 20 years ago. my guess says: ADVANCED TECH FROM THE FUTUREOh-man, I never saw the part where they were looking at the inside of his hoody. Ha-ha, it adds so much I didn't know was there before that it feels like I had a central blind spot, or that I'm in an entirely different dimension now!&gt; Lurianic philosophy it could also mean the eventual extermination of Gentiles from the Earth as the first step in some magic ritual to return to God by reversing the creation.

Thanks again for the reply. This is what I mean. Very interesting, and reminds me of some Hollywood symbolism youtube channel i watched that talked about the Illuminati religion believing the world is made up of dualities, so if their goal is to synthesize every duality on earth (ie Hegelian dialectic, synthesizing all theses with antitheses) and they believe that will create a portal to the next dimension or whatever.

But this is what I mean, where specifically are you getting this info? Just from unreliable youtube channels like me, or have you actually read this book? I know not everything is sourced, but when you're pulling things from the Zohar or Talmud, what I mean is do you at least know the page, if not the specific quote? That way I could read the entire page and really analyze the full breadth of their teaching. The stuff you are talking about is exactly what I want to learn more about on the "Jewish" side of this conspiracy, and mirrors other things I've read, but you're talking about it in the same vague terms I have come across elsewhere. I want the exact page. I want to the quotes. I want to know the specifics now, if possible. 

I'm not criticizing you because you obviously know more than me, I'm just saying since you know about Lurianic philosophy, since you know about the Zohar's teachings, then you must have read them, right? Or read articles with the exact quotes? Or read something more specific right? That's what I'm trying to learn, if you can link me the exact quotes or page numbers or wherever you got the more specific info that you are alluding to more generally here. But I appreciate you taking the time to respond! Also post anything else you think I should know about this topic that most people don't or that I haven't asked about or doesn't get talked about much. Thanks again! Time is the fourth dimension, so everything is built in 4dTl;dr: I don't firmly believe any of this as of yet. These are just ideas, and I only speak for myself. I'm curious as to the shape of the earth and the nature of reality. I'm not sure what shape earth is for certain, but most signs point to it being far different than what mainstream science and the governments that control it say it is. I know the theories, and believe some of it and have problems with some of it. You'd have to watch the thousands of videos out there for a grasp of commonly accepted flat earth theory. But what I would start with, is seeking answers to the problems of your commonly accepted world. 

Fermi's paradox: where is everyone? There should be someone else, but there isn't. Why? This all could be a hologram projected from somewhere else, another dimension maybe. Or a zoo, or petri *dish.* A domed earth could be a place for safe-keeping of life, by someone out there, whatever out there is. 

When you look at stars through a telescope and ignore the official science book pictures, the stars appear to us as though they are behind glass and within water. Sonoluminescence is light from frequency vibration in water, and those little mini-stars they can make with sound in a bubble in water in labs actually look just like some of the stars we see in the sky. 

Who made the earth and/or dome? That's like asking what existed before the Big Bang or why the Big Bang happened, there are only theories. I don't know, but one theory of mine is that we are put here not by creators but by preservers of sorts. Something surely created them, but that's another story. In every direction, if the earth is domed, we are held back, kept from escaping, which means we may have been put here for observation like a zoo, or a type of ark. We have only ever dug 8 measly miles into the earth, because the molten rock keeps us from digging deeper. If you go up, you can't breathe, hit deadly radiation, hit the dome possibly. Try to venture out, salt water and stormy seas are a barrier, then you get to ice and stormy weather and deadly cold, again thin air you can't breathe at high altitudes and then possibly the dome. It seems something put us here. It could have all happened by chance, a one in a 10 to the 40th power chance for life alone, and that's to say nothing of the chance of the universe forming how it did, and how it led to life being possible, or it could all be an experiment or remnants of a previous dead intelligent life out there, a repeating program to keep something of themselves around before the universe collapses. Or god(s) only knows.

In our reality, we exist in exactly the right conditions for life against all incredible odds, there are signs of repeating code, patterns all over the place, signs this was all created. Maybe there was no purpose, maybe the creators were crazy. We may never know. But time and technology have led the human race to a point where we wonder why we are here and test boundaries in every direction. The U.S. government's Operation Fishbowl may have tested the dome, and satellite technology (bouncing signals off the dome?) came soon after. Someone may know the truth, and no matter if the earth is flat or concave or something, that someone doesn't want us to ask questions for some reason.

Why aren't the other planets flat? Merely observing things in the sky is no proof of the shape of our own earth. They can theorize that gravity makes balls of matter at that scale, but that is only a theory, and one possibly made to keep up with the narrative of a spinning ball zooming through space at a ridiculous 600 million miles per hour, spinning 1000 miles per hour. The stars may be very close, and they may be something totally different than science books say. Add to that the possibility of a dome, and as I said, another barrier to keep us here, creators or preservers may have put an infinite hologram on it, so you'll only ever see mostly empty space no matter where you look.

Also tl;dr: the earth may or not be flat, or may be curved, but is not the size if not the shape that science teaches for sure. What it is and why we are here can only lead to speculation. Human sacrifice played apart after the Younger Dryas cataclysm occurred and the later civilizations tried to recreate the Pyramid's function. This is why ritual sacrifice took place in nearly every culture post Younger Dryas. Our collective conscious energy receded after the cataclysm due to "other" forces. We will be discussing this in future installments. Not only was there great devastation to our physical plane, but to our conscious plane as well.

Consciousness is a collective energy that is one of the principle binding forces in the Universe. When a physical vessel such as a humanoid life form, knows how to manipulate its consciousness and move it outside of the physical dimension, it can in turn manipulate that which is within the physical dimension. The great structures can focus conscious energy like a magnifying glass focuses the sun's energy.

as far as you are concerned, big scary things that can kill you and you can't kill them - but to me, just false consciousness, i can kill an old god with my will - and they didn't see me coming, i clasp them like as to silence a windchime, i alone am of and through the highest dimension, with the power to shatter and sublimate every crystal floor beneath meWow that is some detailed perspective on the whole "Dracos" background. 

Generally in esoteric spiritual circles "serpentine or snake" is interpreted as *kundalini* or sexual energy. 

I'm open to such beings existing in the universe or another dimension but I have not seen any evidence to believe they live here. 

I get the feeling that (this is getting a bit out there), that if you look into one version of the "cosmic disclosure", people like Goode and others are saying the Nazis fled to Antarctica and they have some huge underground city there. The hallow moon with reptilian presence. Then they tie in these reptilian ETs that allegedly abduct humans and put them on slave ships, on top of them eating children, and sexual assaults. Then you have this guy Icke talking about reptilian bloodlines and (what I wrote earlier), basically calling every leader a reptilian, and really this all makes the whole NWO or international cabal theory look ridiculous to the average person. 

I get the feeling, and this is just my speculation, this whole storyline is made up by the black project or TPTB to distract from the real transnational kabal that's taking place. If there was a Nazi continuation of any sort, it's the former Nazi scientists that went to work on these unacknowledged special access projects. This Antarctica/Reptilian shapeshifting/human slave ships/sexual assaults by aliens is some alternative *false narrative* of the real ET presence on Earth, and a distraction from what these projects are actually doing. 
When the harvest starts.  The one, House of Air, I came in brief contact with (and that was almost a year ago) said that they were already here...and showed some very convincing 'footage' of some of the troops losing control and snacking on human beings, which I didn't download because 1) it was gross 2) I didn't realize I was going to 'piss off their leader' (in hindsight I piss everyone off so I should have known better) and that they were going to ban me from their group.  We would call their technology 'cloaking technology' but in reality the dimensions are stacked on top of each other like a layer cake and they, being much more advanced than we are can pass through them using light physical effort.  So 'the hunt' is not even remotely a challenge, because they can see EVERYTHING you do, but you cannot see them at all.  I have see a few pretty good videos of them coming through the lower dimension into our too.The best way I can describe the snake is that it looked humanoid with a cobra head but it's whole body looked "blingy" like the most expensive platinum/diamond jewelry. It sparkled and twinkled so to speak. It most definitely was "aware" that I was "aware" of it and that is what seemed to piss it off. Each laser that it shot at me literally did damage to me. After I successfully "defeated" it with my love and positive thoughts ( which was no easy task!) Mother Earth scooped me up and took to me a "repair" hub. It was a huge pulsating thing that "repaired" my wounds. 

On another occasion I was being "toured" in this dimension and came upon these beings that were all black with neon pink and blue accents that were ***extremely*** sexy and provocative.  Like they were as shocked to see me as I was them. They tried to seduce me and lure me away from my tour guide, (Mother Earth) but I refrained because I thought that was disrespectful. However, I hope to find those entities again on my own as we have unfinished business. Writing this right now is bringing back so many feelings. Not lying I promise on everything I know this all happened. I would like to add that if we do live in one and it was created by something that thing would be of a much higher intelligence and would be much more evolved than we currently are.  It would makes sense to me that those beings would be extra-dimensional meaning existing on a higher dimension then we do. It would be like the difference between the 2nd dimension and the 3rd. Time is the 4th dimension so to be in the 5th dimension you exist outside of time and to exist outside of time there is no future only all of time laid out. So to recap I am more in inclined to believe that if this is a simulation it would be created by a 5th dimensional being. By the way Terence McKenna is the man and look into his description of machine elves. 
URL_REPLACED free drinks to the mods!!

moderate:  

a :  avoiding extremes of behavior or expression. 

b :  calm, temperate. 

2 
a :  tending toward the mean or average amount or dimension 

3 
:  not violent, severe, or intense

4 
:  professing or characterized by political or social beliefs that are not extreme 

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/moderateWhether or not this guy is legit I do not know. But I will say this: There is a group of Aliens from the Astral Dimension who control the Earth Illuminati. Myself and others have seen US Military and their equipment in the Astral. It has been said by some that the shadow government has the technology to physically move people and equipment in and out of the Astral Dimension and ours..I have heard of that and as much as it sounds tempting I probably would end up in another dimension, on another planet or just dead lol.The fourth dimension is the dark side of the 1st dimension. basically they are ALL negative aliens from another dimension...It's more costly with rockets. If you have anti-grav technology or even advanced magnetics you can use naturally occurring forces to break atmosphere. I say that causally, and I'm sure it's way harder in practice, but my point is its only harder if you think about it in terms of stupid monkeys using combustion. 

And if you listen to Icke or a number of other people they exist in more than one dimension and feed off the negative energy they create in our society. Which sounds initially ridiculous until you read into a lot of eastern philosophy such as Hindu and Buddhism which have millenia old teachings on the nature of energy currents in the human form and the nature of a collective conscienceness. Which also sounds ridiculous initially.  But anyone that meditates regularly or even someone who has done a decent hit of LSD/peyote/Ayahuasca will tell you there is a lot more truth to that then you'd think. It all goes back to what I was saying in my first reply, keep and open mind cause you never know what might turn out to be true. Very little has worked for Trump so far (aside from the missile strikes on Syria). Are we living in the same dimension?

I admire your optimism, but I feel you will be disappointed with Trump when all is said and done. He will fix no mistakes, only create more. People keep thinking he was elected, he wasn't, he was chosen. What better way to get money out of politics than to bring in a lifelong mogul right?Archon Aliens from the Astral Dimension rule over the Illuminati and this entire Simulated Reality. They are the controlling group above any and all conspiracies...They intervene a lot at different periods. YAH was a young Canaanite god originally, and to 'prove himself' before the other gods (this means LORDS) he was given the contract to raise a crop of SOMA off Earth.  Babel which is both language, AND allegory for DNA (they are both changeable and intertwined in terms of human advancement)...meaning that IF you advance your language capacity you advance your DNA (which is malleable not even remotely fixed).  So when they see that happening, they intervene, it is like a rancher who 'fixes a fence' so that their cattle can't get out. The 'Gate of God' or Babel or Babylon is when humans are about to escape into a higher dimension that they can't be preyed upon by the LORDS...So let me get this straight... in some other reality Nelson Mandela died in 1991... but there was a dimension shift or something and in this reality he didn't die... but for some reason a few people remember he died and apparently one book survived the dimension shift intact?

Is that about it?

And that's more believable than false memories and an error in a book?I took a large(for me) dose of acid and felt like I broke through into the fifth dimension. I felt like I was falling through the cracks in the moments and I thought reality was dissolving. I soon after watched Interstellar and that scene at the end in the bookshelf was eerily familiar. I'd recommend listening to his talk from the Wembley arena.

He's a very sharp guy.

The reptilian thing is hard to imagine for me, seeing as I am, as far as I can tell, living in this dimension/reality.

Everything else he talks about seems pretty spot on.

I vote sincere.I understand your comment, especially regarding the floors collapsing, and just wanted to ask a question.  What happened to the core of the buildings?  (WTC 1 &amp; 2)

I just read the Wikipedia page regarding the construction of the buildings.  There were apparently 47 steel beams that made up the core of the buildings that ran from bedrock to the top of the towers.  The total dimension of the core of each building was 87 ft by 135 ft.  It housed the elevator shafts, etc.

Each floor of the buildings were separate from this core, surrounding it.  If the floors collapsed, and then pancaked, what happened to the core?

I'm not trying to talk shit, and I'm not sold either way.. but this is something I haven't understood about official collapse story.

we dont know completely how the brain works ≠ there is plenty of evidence for souls and spirits

&gt; souls would explain humanity's overall focus on being good.

In what dimension are you living? :D

&gt; Only a small fraction of the world's population is actually bad people.

You cannot define good/bad objectively.I think that there could be a hint of literal in this idea.  Christ was from another planet/dimension, satan from a different/planet transplanting life forms from other worlds to this world. 

The forbidden word.  Could have been an alagory for nuclear weapons.  But it's interesting that before Narnia was created.  The white witches world was destroyed.  That reality is manifested for us by parasitic beings from another dimension.I'm in.

Well, he's big, he's hairy, and he smells bad. He has some kind of psychic sense that allows him to never be around when anyone has a camera that self-focuses. When he dies, his body evaporates leaving no bones behind.

By temperament, he's mellow and cheerful, but he does have a habit of raping feminists on hiking trails. The terms "man splaining" and "patriarchy" drive him into a killing rage.

He's highly intelligent, but somehow never got around to inventing fire, or the rock.

Some say he has shape-shifting abilities and can pass as human ... LeBron James, anyone? Others claim that he is an alien from another dimension.

Bigfoot has infiltrated our media and gained partial control over it -- *Harry and the Hendersons* was blatant pro-Bigfoot propaganda.

Bigfoot is a tireless practical joker. Sometimes, to freak out other Sasquatch, he will put on tiny Oxfords and walk around the forest, leaving tracks, then claim they were made by a little hairless biped that wears artificial pelts. This never fails to arouse barking screams of amusement.Even if we existed in "2d" it would still be 3 dimensions because time is a dimension. If there was truly a 2d world thoughts couldn't exist because time is necessary for thoughtIt's unfortunate but I think that it comes down to two factors. 

The one that is more obvious is that most people don't have the fortitude to face the inherent nihilism in admitting the complete inhumanity of the universe. The ego blocks people from accepting their true place and role in the universe.

 Admitting that the universe doesn't play by our rules, our self-invented values... is demoralizing. So people project their inner values onto everything. Can't just be that germs are amoral lifeforms that need to kill us to survive in the same way we kill animals and plants. No, it must be demons that fit nicely into our box of "malicious evil." 

It gets to me how people talk of "ego death" when they have no idea what that means. Thinking that "ego death" is... the transcendence and deification of self. Which is complete delusion.

The second and far more sobering factor is that most people simply lack the intellectual capacity to understand complex abstracts. Like the understanding that 100 billion humans have lived. Which means that 1 of us is nothing. People can't wrap their head around the idea that they and everyone they have ever met or known about is insignificant. So they invent ways of explaining how they *really are* important. It's like how people assumed that the solar system revolved around the earth. Nah dawg, the earth is just a tiny piece of the puzzle. Even smaller the more room you allow for the true scope of the universe. And that's without factoring in the 4th dimension of time.They are 5th dimensional beings, and IMHO...
have found a way to exist on our plane, by constructing vessels out of abducted cows, and other mammals body parts, including humans.

Maybe they abduct us to study how exactly our souls connect to our physical bodies, to experience life and time, which they cannot do.

Maybe the Archons are behind all of the technological advancements in the last century...in an attempt to further their agenda.

Think about it... we might have built them a portal, or gateway into our dimension,  all for "science". (Cern's H.C., )Genius, evil and mental illness are separated by dental floss thin margins. The first two are common among the powerful in the world, it's not aliens from an unseen dimension it's sick humans who lack fortitude and empathy. So the belief on this theory that it is merely a psyop with small inaccuracies is the most logical. They are throwing out very small insignificant things, like a word change usually from movies. Really who cares! The more we analyse these things to death, the more they have won! Now if whole things changed like instead of the Macy's Parade it was the Bloomingdale's parade. Something completely different to the actual facts. Not just remembering but something that no one can dispute that was around at the time. There also are videos, books and newspaper clippings that can be veriifed on these. 
We can not allow anyone to make us think that things are changing. They are NOT. We just have corrupt gov. groups intent and ready to pull Operation Blue Book at any time. Just take a look at CERN and what they are up to.Most believe CERN is the cause of the Mandella Effect because of their quantum Physics computers which can make things be in many places at the same time. They are bad news people! They have been allowing rifts in time from another dimension to open up and other things get thru. This is the much more alarming issue here.not familiar with their work but it is well documented that people who killed a cat in ancient egypt were executed. the egyptians said cats could "walk between worlds"  (an obvious reference to this dimension and the astral). i believe this be true.&gt; Extremely disrespectful, which was the whole point of course.

Now THIS is a reply, thanks.

Make sure you read this article for **more CONTEXT**:  
Feb 2014 - Published before the staged coup in the Ukraine:  
ILLUMINATI THEATER using only a few actors illustrated by "jailed" Yulia Tymoshenko in Ukraine and Pussy Riot in Russia is upscaled to Hollywood type of productions in Kiev's Independence Square.  
The premiere for simulated reality supposedly staged out in the streets, the Boston Marathon fake bombings, was in fact staged at the arrival area, previously cleared from anyone not in the cast.  
No wonder it appears as an obscure small budget production in comparison to the Ukraine and Thailand riots.  
This time there are plenty of participants who are not aware that it's all staged.  
To fulfill parallelism Ukraine and Thailand "protests" are served as the main series in TV "news" since November 2013.  
Ukraine and Thailand protests: STAGED riots in Parallel scripts, new dimension in simulated reality  
http://truman-world.blogspot.pt/2014/02/ukraine-and-thailand-protests-staged.html  obviously with all that's going on with George Soros and the occupy black wall street matters protests, the onlgoing Nuremberg trials etc, its easy for any plain jane or average joe to do 7 minutes worth of youtube HD TV and see that the earth is indeed flat (in parts) while others are extremely wet, or cold wet (ice) aka ANTARCTICA (look up  sergeant Birds WWII mission blueballs) and while they may try to trick you with big words, math and science, any 3rd grader can see that when you shoot an arrow at a free range speed toward an fair trade egg, the curvature does indeed match the rate of orbital gravity necessary to cause a fluctuation in air temperature evident in other flat worlds (pacman/gta before it was 3D) which subconsciously correlates to my dreams, where beyond the matrix you can clearly see the flat earth from the 5th dimension, just dont go trying to collect the 5th element on DVD (believe me, get the directors cut) but alas, all evidence leads to flat, and anyone who says different is obviously a paid shill from the FBI trying to coverup the real slim SHADY IM NOT THE REALL SHADY ALL YOU OTHER SLIM SHADYS ARE JUST IMITATING https://youtu.be/N0WjV6MmCyM

Carl Sagan speaks a bit of my point of view as to why God Could exist outside of our dimension and can not be proven 

Flatlander.

Edit. What im inferring is that we live whithin a tesseract created by a being who lives outside of this dimension. Lets call him "God"

He cannot be proven outside of the orders and laws of the universe. Ie.

Math. Gravity. Cosmos. Perfect eco system. Weather. All life following a program except humans.What if the medium you are communicating with right now ("cyberspace") were the other dimension? This inter dimensional beings stuff is always what confuses me about Dr. Steven Greer. I don't understand how meditating and reaching another dimension so to speak explains everything he talks about like UFO sittings. Take the fact that he believes in the crash that happened at Area 51. How is it possible then that they have the so called ship from the crash? Was everyone meditating it? I think higher consciousness could possibly cause hallucinations maybe but we don't see monks saying they talk to aliens. He also believes in zero point energy and that can't be cooked up by another dimension meditation ship. It's like the little bit of crazy throws off all possible maybes. 

* I'm not calling you crazy by the way but when someone goes as deep as Greer that's what's crazy and makes no sense IMO. Toss my crazy theory in here: 

It is said that the story of Jesus is about ascension, and that he was a being that was conceived in a higher dimension, but born in a lower dimension. 

But you know, it could be about planets and stuff. I'm on board with this but what I've really been trying to figure out is where the shadow beings fit in to this. I saw one of those things, sounds crazy and I've seen my fair share of paranormal shit but that entity scared me to my core. It felt like it was feeding off my terror. A black mass with glowing red eyes that intensified as they pierced my soul. I was fully awake. I did some crazy veil piercing shit and I feel like it came at me as either a warning or like a big fuck you from the 4th dimension evil entities. Or maybe it was a good entity and I fucked around with forces I know nothing about.... Regardless it proved to me that their is way more going on it the realms of spirituality and occultism that we know.Can someone talk to me? I have been following the world of "conspiracy" and such things for many years (in the perspective of my age, 21.) I am a Christian but lately I've been reading into things like this and I have had many experiences during meditation in which scared me to no end because I thought I had died and entered another life or dimension. I stopped doing that a couple years ago because of that. Again, I've been reading into these sorts of things mentioned I'm this article and lately I've been more confused than ever and I can't handle it. I really need to talk to someone on here who is politw and kind and can reason with my beliefs and work things out with me. I'm confused and I need someone to talk to because everyone I know is a sheep. Apparently including myself in some aspects. I consider myself much more "awake" than most that I know, but recently on here my mind has been in more confusion than ever. I'm very familiar with everything essentially being sounds and vibration. Even the Bible hints at that. God says something and then it is. I don't want to keep typing but I would really appreciate someone to talk to.It would be so cool to visit that dimension just to see the carnage.  &gt; We all resonate to this frequency, thus we are all in tune with each other and the third dimension itself. If you have heard of Mass Consciousness, it ties into this. This is why group meditations can be so powerful.

This was from the OP, and sounds very hive-mind ish to me. 

&gt; You should try and comprehend what you read

Believe me, I'm trying very hard. There are just so many holes in everything before we even BEGIN to talk about evidence. &gt;So that means we are talking about our reality being a different dimension other than our current model.

Dimensions are models. What I mean by reality is what is, not what we think about it or think it to be.One interesting topic on the whole flat earth mish mash of confusion and stupidity I haven't seen anyone touch on, which would more likely find itself in a conversation about matrix/simulation/universal technology we are experiencing, is the human eye itself. our tiny little eyes, spheres in their own right - determine much of what we perceive reality to be. Yes the other 5 senses shape much of our view on reality since birth, and many experience only these 5 senses - never look in/beyond the 'physical' realm when shaping their view on whats going on... forgive my lack of clarity on this, but if the eye, like a camera sensor is picking up on light vibrations, sending this information to the brain and flipping &amp; mirroring it back to us so we can find our footing and equilibrium and make sense of the world around us, think for a second all of the external information that is being ignored by our brains in order to avoid an overload of information, unlike say a savant who is being bombarded with sensory overload to the most minute detail. If we could truly grasp the nature of the universe Im pretty sure we'd implode, so most likely there is some type of fail safe built in disabling everyone from accessing this.

There are interesting scenes in interstellar, inception, and most recently doctor strange where reality is being bent and distorted from the 4th dimension by those who have learned to use it and I think those scenes do a good job of painting the picture of what reality could truly be. Im guessing the average flat earther has rarely thought beyond 3 dimensions and likely bases all their ideas in 3d/5 senses/trusting only the two eyes on the outside of their head. Id like to see some of them take a healthy dose of pysli or enter into a dmt viewing of sorts... come back with a mind less boxed in. Whatever this place is its not flat, but its held together with a unique rhythm and sound and it feels quite real, so props to the designer. The fuck dimension you live in? People like Al Sharpton, the average cable news pundit, most of the people who are interviewed in protests, they're all activists who seek out the media. 

They're like the things that live inside of termites to help them dissolve wood. They're not owned or run or hired by the media, but it is a symbiotic relationship. And spotting the difference is how you learn to spot real conspiracy over crackpot shit. 

But if that's what you want to be that's all you'll ever be, and while you're chasing Bigfoot like a gullible paranoid fuck, people will het away with murder.  If time was a feature of the third dimension then we should be able to travel freely through it the same way we can travel freely in the physical world. What do you think?Time slows down the faster you go, regardless of how much faster you go.  Time also slows down the less gravity is effecting you.  Time seems to be a feature of the third dimension, so I agree that it doesn't seem like its own dimension.Cool, then I will interject that Atlantis is in another dimension. Some of our legends, like Atlantis, are info from tapping into multidimensional realities. Plato, being a seer, or a visionary, mystic, what have you, had this ability to see other somewhat parallel realities.  Even his cave allegory is a type of skrying if you look at it in the context of when you perceive another dimension , or how you perceive any other reality separated from ours you are remote viewing, and the other reality is projected onto the wall of the cave.I think there's more occurring then appears.  I think the circles are just the 3rd dimension result of building matter in the 4th dimension.  4d printing.I think the timeless dimension is actually where we are right now but through projecting we experience this place through the bodymind unit. Where we are looking from is outside of time.Oh. I believe they are of Earthly origin (and have been with us for millions of years), just not in our dimension. Every now and then, depending on the person and situation, we can get a glimpse of them in their realm while in our realm.. I suspect this is the same with Dragons.

Look into Faery abductions and the similarities with "ET abductions". They are damn near identical. We used to call them Faeries or Forest people. Now, TPTB have put a costume on them (little grey/green humanoid - lol) and say they are space men. 80% of what he says is true. The reptiles from another dimension stuff appear to be a poison pill meant to discredit the preceding 80% that was true.Ordinarily they would be extra-dimensional but there are ways to bring them into this dimension. I don't know what form they may take here but they could appear as classic "greys", human or something more interesting.Death is the ending of the ability to remain in this dimension. Everyone goes straight to the Astral Afterlife. You stay there for roughly 20-25 years and then are "Forced To Reincarnate". The human memory is erased and the person is reinserted in this hellhole as an economic and energetic slave...Have you ever pondered about time being the 4th dimension?

Seriously, history *does repeat itself.* It's almost like it's inevitable.

*It always loops back around*I'm thinking that through our eyes and ears we are the universe looking back on itself. Early stages of consciousness with rudimentary skills. I don't think that absolves us from responsible behavior but I don't think single dimension thinking creature is going to have the answers for a multidimensional world. Unintended consequences is the norm in this environment. Thought people who are into the whole 5th dimension ascension stuff might be interested in this video.Probably nothing more than a curiosity but it fits well into what some are saying.This dimension and the "Astral Afterlife" that is connected to it are both Holographic Projections. Both exist inside a "Matrix". The human body and everything around you are actually "Holograms". The good news is that the expansion of "Infinite Thought" and the ability to actually "Project/Manifest" your own reality are incredible skills you have that are mostly dormant. But can and will be your salvation...Perfect answer, except I would suggest that **not all** come from the lower dimensions because from my understanding consciousness has to evolve past it's dimension to be able to ''travel'' into the lower ones at will. They are Alien Entities that are from a dimension you would compare to a "HELL". Their native area is a repository of extremely dense and low vibrations. To exist in the Middle Astral they must constantly consume energies that resonate with them. They promote and consume energies of despair, fear, hate, violence, extreme perversion and pain, because that is what they are. To do this they have set up a system that uses the human slave to produce such vibrations. The Global Elite work directly for them in exchange for power and wealth. The Archons pose as Guides, Masters, Lords and Angels that constantly fool gullible humans into being judged to owe KARMIC DEBT. The person is then FORCED TO REINCARNATE and have their entire Memory, Personality and Avatar ERASED.I can tell you with 100 Percent Certainty. This is absolutely a SIMULATION. It is multidimensional and is being controlled from the Astral Dimension. The beings currently running this simulation are Satanic Aliens called THE ARCHONS. This is all 100 Percent True.It goes to a dimension where time is malleable. But there are higher forces that can still influence your consciousness in that dimension. If you become enlightened, you can learn to remember and see beyond this life and this dimension. UFO's and "aliens" may be from another dimension or perhaps even another version of our Earth's reality in which they became the dominant species and moved well ahead of us in the development of technology. Enough to cross the barriers between alternate realities to regularly visit us for any number of reasons not the least of which may be the worry about humans eventually finding a way to visit them without an invitation or simply mess around with things we don't properly understand that either has or is liable to fuck them up.right. you are referring to the spectacular, but enormously inferior "ASTRA" craft in comparison to the miles wide crafts. pay close attention to the fact they named the earth built craft "ASTRA". The mega huge crafts are from the upper HIGH ASTRAL DIMENSION where the GOOD GUYS are from.You were probabaly about to astral project yourself. Did you feel a vibration anywhere on your body? I've tried to do it myself but unsuccessfully but there are subs where people who do them regularly chat. There are good books on it but I haven't read it yet. 

Astral projection is like your consciousness leaving the body and wandering around in an alternate dimension reality. The whole bit on the sun being a gateway to either another dimension, or distant parts of the galaxy is interesting. We know so little about the sun its staggering.I see. i thought i stepped into a dimension stuck on repeat.Hey there, it's you, I am you. I'm only you because you aren't you and I am not me. Although I will be me, and if you don't want to be me, join me, and be you. Experiencing the fourth dimension as time is quite hell for all of you right now, simply because you don't know. You think experiences are different and emotions are different, but everything is the same. It really is everything humans are not being, that makes reality happen. Like when I separate my mind, this reality will have no meaning, but will still continue to be here because of all of you blindly creating all of it.But then you'll be trapped in this dimension without a vessel. Like...a ghost. I don't want that, I think I'm going to take my chances. Convince me otherwise?I started reading that and couldn't continue after the 3rd paragraph.

For shame, citizenry! For shame!!!

This is our fault. They take ground where we've failed at defending it. Blame yourselves. Spreading shitty, unsubstantiated articles on web forums don't cut it, nor does holding up a sign at some intersection...

Talk trash all you want. Nothing is ever achieved here. Not one single victory has been reached in the "spreading of information" and all of your bullshit analysis of it. NONE!

Get real, and receive real meaningful outcomes..

Everyone in this sub is hell bent on seeing heads roll, in one way or another, but do not have the discipline to organize, establish standards, or see things through to the end. Not even close. Just before this intelligence leak, the entirety of this sub was licking the balls of a former CIA agent, peddling books. No resistance or hard hitting questions, whatsoever. I was the ONLY one who remotely challenged that guy (go fucking research it).

Nonsense.

Start local. Not even George W. walked into the presidency without having a lower position, nor did Clinton. Cut the legs off before they get going. It's comical that people still call, email, or write these people. They may as well be in another dimension. That's absurd. They don't read that shit, and don't give any fucks about YOU. How'd that Obama "open government" thing go with all of the petitions? Yeah, they responded to one. Just theater, nothing more. Bernie is not your pal. Ron Paul is not a hero. Clinton, Bush, Trump, Obama..all the same. Deal with it!!

Get with the program. There is no back and forth. There's no sides except the affluent VS. the 95% of the rest of us. And that CIA dickwad is no different than the people who cruise the Alien convention circuit, churning out 4 books a year based on their supposed, former "titles". How convenient..

You need to choose a path. Do you want to be entertained by the intricate "conspiracies" of days old, or do you want to escalate things and tackle current happenings from a strong foothold. There's no middle ground, and the attitudes in this sub have displayed that fact conclusively.

You've read OP's submission, and may have even read my post here. What are you really doing about it? I know what I'm doing, and that's holding your feet to the fire every chance I get. Some of you should join this revolution of not gobbling up a bunch of shit prior to issuing some standardized, well deserved skepticism.

/rantThey are a group of numerous alien species from another dimension. The reptilians are similar to demons. These videos are very recommended 1)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18EFfo6dS9s and also 2)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61LAFcwNlXYI thought God was an electricity based androgyne that imprisons us in this dimensionI get that you see the bible as having some good teachings, but the spiritual dimension to it IS the point of the bible.  God saw man as mere flesh in Genesis because man had lost his spiritual element.  When he saw man as flesh, it was a disappointment to God (strange as it sounds, but it's the downside to free will).  He wants us to be spiritual and see beyond the five senses.  I can also understand how "flat" the bible can seem to people who don't have faith there is an actual God - in that case, the spiritual impact the bible has is negligible; it's a book containing a healthy dose of wisdom, but nothing more than that.

I accept that you probably think I am following a dogmatic path in life.  However, I feel free. God's yoke is lighter than the world's.  In a way (and I think you'll agree) - empiricism is highly dogmatic (and I know you believe in reality "beyond" the 5 senses) - to slavishly believe in the sense experiences only.  To only lightly ponder (but never take steps) in really tapping into everything beyond this tiny sliver of reality that we humans see as sense experience.  That's how most people live.  I believe you are very curious as to what's beyond your senses, and I accept you have your own theories as to what lies "beyond" them (I say "beyond", but of course, that which we cannot fully sense is all around us as you know, it's just we are interpreting it differently). On a flat photo, it's only length and width. Height would be the third dimension, which is not shown in the photo. That's not semantics, it's the first thing they teach you in physics 101.Scared? Of anal probes and egg harvesting?

I don't like being afraid, which is why I choose to be brave.  Sometimes shit goes wrong and you're scared, but you choose to be brave to get through it.  Because nobody likes someone who screams about spiders and mice.

Sometimes when you're in the woods, you come face to face with a bear.  Sometimes you have to give birth to a child and you do it at home to avoid the probing (yes, afraid of probing, so I choose to avoid it at all costs). Sometimes you're sweetie gets shot in the face.  Sometimes you accidentally go down the double black diamond when you're a newb.  Sometimes your sweet baby gets whooping cough.  Sometimes you eat too much brownie.

Be brave.  Also if you get visited or abducted by aliens (let's just assume for a minute that aliens are demons, and I'm going to include the good looking blondes, too) I've heard that calling (or if you're paralyzed, even thinking it) on Jesus Christ makes them leave/ends the abduction.  It's worth a shot.


Edit: okay, now I'm scared because it looks like all the other posters want to welcome the aliens to probe as they will.  Hell no. Go back to your own planet or hollow earth or dimension or frozen tundra and leave me alone.  Don't need your lemon  eyes and such around here you shapeshifting creeps.well how about you stop behaving like one and *maybe then* you can learn something

 i'm not trying to "one up" you and I meann no offence when i say, as somone who's nearly 40yrs your senior,  I'm confident I *know* about things and I have experienced many things you haven't. 

 This isn't your 'fault', as it's hardly fair to compare our lives, for who knows, when you get to my age you too may have experienced not just as much, but *most likely more!* than me!

ALL I've been *trying to do* is to get you to "think outside the box" -- throw "conventional" (and *very conservative*) thinking out the window and 'come at an idea' from another angle --- although to Do so is far more difficult than most people imagine. 

And as few people ever try or bother to think in such a way, (it's *easier* to accept what you're "taught" by "teachers" of all kinds) so not a lot of "lateral thinking outside the square" ever gets done.

 We know of several Great minds who were of this type of thinker. From Galilleo to Mendel to Newton to Curie to Franklin and Tesla to the Wright Brothers and Darwin to Einstein and Buckminster-Fuller et al, these people used their minds to 'think about things' in ways that other people had not.

 They were able to make great contributions *becoz* of the efforts they put into thinking *differently to everyone else*! In fact, a number of very well known scientists were very solitary in their work (as nobody else *could understand* it! 

They correspponded with an elite few about their discipline of choice preferring a select few 'peers' of their time e.g a 17th century "rich kid" who enjoyed studying mathematics, and back then, only the very wealthy could afford such luxuries as studying, but as his family were Rich, although he studied law, he could afford to be mathematician nonethelessURL_REPLACED and what a mathematicion he was!

 This kid was *so smart* and so talented at maths, that soons his name was known in all the elite mathematical circles. He also wrote all these "number  theory" 'conjectures' or 'mathematical  problems' ,, some that were as old as calculus! e.g.

This last theorem he had worked out, was something mathematicians worldwide had been trying to resolve for centuries, and Pierre Fermat said that he had figured it out, but the *only* 'working notes' to his theory were in the margins of this book, *and nobody believed it would fit in such a small place!* lol

So, "Although Fermat claimed to have proved all his arithmetic theorems, few records of his proofs have survived. 

  Many mathematicians, including Gauss, doubted several of his claims, especially given the difficulty of some of the problems and the limited mathematical methods available to Fermat. 

 His famous Last Theorem was first discovered by his son in the margin in his father's copy of an edition of Diophantus, **and included the statement that the margin was too small to include the proof."**


&gt;In number theory, Fermat's Last Theorem (sometimes called Fermat's conjecture, especially in older texts) states that no three positive integers a, b, and c satisfy the equation an + bn = cn for any integer value of n greater than 2. The cases n = 1 and n = 2 have been known to have infinitely many solutions since antiquity. 

* **This theorem was first conjectured by Pierre de Fermat in 1637 in the margin of a copy of Arithmetica where he claimed he had a proof that was too large to fit in the margin**. 

&gt; **The first successful proof was released in 1994** by Andrew Wiles, and formally published in 1995, **after 358 years of effort by mathematicians**

Andrew Wiles wrote a book about how he went about figuring out "Fermat''s Last Theorem" by thinking *so far out of* the box, he was in another dimension altogether, BUT, he was *the only person* in 358 YEARS of mathematicians trying to 'crack' this 'last theorem' that Fermat had said HE has *already worked out* BUT he died before he published his proof!

 However, people respected the fact he was a brilliant mathematician who had already produces reams and volumes of work of the highest quality, so nobody would outright say "Fermat is lying, he never figured that out coz *it's impossible* as anyone who's tried will know there is no answer!"

Oh really? The "answer" *was there* and just *had been waiting* for someone to REconsider it in 'another way' and "poof!" the answer appeared!

 It's a great story, the book's a bit dry, but wow! What a feat!

I hope this gave you something to think about. e.g. The *Ultimate Logical science*, mathematics *still has* more UNresolved problems like this ,, conjectures in which nobody is even sure there is an answer!? 

Just as they did with Fermat's Last Theorem, except for Fermat's comments, most people would have said "it can't be resolved" .... and how wrong they were! BUT the mind which believes "there Is NO answer" is the mind which won't find one!" ---  "Argue for your limitations and *they shall be* yours!"

IMHO your 'absolute belief' in "hard science" is, at times, actually (and factually) UNfounded, just as so many scientists who thought they had come to the 'final answer' only to learn they're really just at the beginning!
 
&gt;Our reality..according to our current model is considered a 3rd dimensional reality. Nothing to disagree with so far right?

The models are  of reality, not reality. Reality I call whatever it is that is now. Beyond any concepts or understanding, simply what already is.

&gt;If dimensions are models and our model is wrong..we would be in a different dimension than iur current model states.

Models dont capture reality, they are concepts coming out of the human intellect seeing how stuff happens and labeling those happenings through language. Reality to me is what is, not a thought about what is, although that thought too is in reality.So that means we are talking about our reality being a different dimension other than our current model. I specificaly said the 3rd dimension that we know of for a reason. It's all good just a slight miscommunication. The Mystery Traditions have known what happens after death for a long long time...if you really want the answer you will have to do some reading...http://wn.rsarchive.org/Lectures/GA140/English/AP1968/LifBet_index.html

TL;DR
Your body dies and then you relive your life in reverse (this is the "my life flashed before my eyes phenomena" for those who have had a NDE).

This takes place at 2 or 3 times speed so if you lived to be 30 you will relive your life backwards in a period of approximately 10 years.
This takes place in the etheric realm/dimension. The same dimension that some folks think UFOs come from. This is also the zero point energy dimension where unlimited etheric energy can come from...but only through highly developed individuals. I digress.

Then your etheric body dies and you move on to the astral world/plane. This is heaven and hell and purgatory all wrapped up in one. It is here where your desires and feelings are "reviewed". If you were hateful and mean your experience will not be pleasant. If you were considerate and loving you will have a better time. You may encounter the animal group souls here and have to reckon with your treatment of animals, good or bad, in your life. Many other things happen here and they are related to soul activities (feelings).

After you have experience this realm you astral body needs to die and then you move on to higher realms with your ego/higher self...if you did not work on your higher self on earth you are pretty much controlled by the entities that live there but if you did work on your higher developed "self" these entities will guide you to rebirth. This is the place where you want "Jesus" to hold your hand because you don't have conscious control in this dimension and it is terrifying for atheists and materialists. I put "His" name in brackets because I think you are accompanied by "sun" spirits or beings and not the "Christ" specifically. This is the peak and then you return to earth back through the astral and etheric world re-fortified with a new life plan designed (by yourself) to correct the karma of previous lives.

I simplified the fuck out of that so please read the lecture series if you wish to actually know what happens  in a more in depth manner. The same thing Steiner lectures about here is recounted also in the Tibetan book of the Dead though it is coloured by the Tibetan culture (and very ancient) so it is not as easy to understand as Steiner's lectures are nor is it as up to date.

How do we navigate it. By developing ourselves on this planet. We need to work on our selves through cognition (higher thinking) and meditation in combination with the refinement of our morals and ethics (compassion)...there is a warning in the mystery religions that states that for every step forward in esoteric knowledge you must move forward two steps in moral/ethical refinement. This is because it becomes *more dangerous* the closer you get to refining and enlivening your higher self because the dark powers start to take notice and you are now a target for deception and corruption.I think the problem with your procedure is that even if Dr. Tommy J. Curry is deranged and a potential threat to white Americans his public outing has the whiff of an aggressive, persecutory, poorly weighed, opportunistic, extra-official act, indeed, as the initiatory instigatory stage of a public and exemplary selection and castigation of what, of whom?: a literally allegedly Black Revolutionary. Dr. Curry posts in his philosophically-dressed diatribes a Fanonian defense of black revolutionary violence against what he envisions as the irreducibly white superstructures of power in the mold clearly of Mandela and the black revolutionaries of Angola and elsewhere, who were viewed, as is well-known, highly inimically by the U.S. regime itself, at least up until the time of Reagan. Evidently Dr. Curry feels quite profoundly that predominantly African American communities (in America) are analogous to micro-Angolas, perhaps he even has in mind Puerto Rico as the most literal and indisputable example of an American Angola for the economically and politically impoverished, to wit, colonized, majority of its population. To paraphrase another´s previous comment, Dr. Curry may well phenomenologically exist in a different dimension than perhaps we so-called whites do, as a consequence of the effects of the unsparing and most brutal racial demarcations of slavery, of the totalistic ontological determinations of an institution that sought to create the most inescapable barrier between freedom and bondage, that of a fundamentally racialized type of domination. That is precisely the sort of dimension that is harder to escape from when compared to nearly all other forms of European-instituted bondages and servilities: neither the Jews, nor the Romani, nor the Russian serfs, nor even the Native Americans of the U.S., were ever so totalizingly enslaved, to the level and beginning with ¨one drop¨ of blood. A sole drop of blood was capable of poisoning the destiny of generations, little wonder then that Dr. Curry on occasion may appear so bloody-minded. But what is the present blog´s excuse for making a parlously public show, nay a fustigatory cycle of shows, of something that almost assuredly could have been more ethically and discretely attended to inter partes, i.e. between Prof. Curry and the University, before, and hopefully ex-post-factorily, proceeding with a public relation of the racially vexatious (for all concerned) and, I fear, seductively, too seductively, tribalistic matter?What do you think about the fourth dimension and those beyond which we as humans are currently unable to perceive? sorry what? are we talking about the stargate from the tv show where we can travel to interstellar dimension? Here's the TED talk on the subject,

 I've watched in shock &amp; awe , if you know what I mean:

How to exploit democracy | Laura Galante  https://youtu.be/TO-_kVIkY6A

Now, you might wonder, who is she &gt;

Cyberspace, Information Operations, Intelligence Analysis
Galante Strategies, University of Virginia
Washington D.C. Metro Area

I lead organizations that make an impact. Whether it’s developing analytic portfolios for the Department of Defense’s analysis of cyberspace, building Mandiant-FireEye’s strategic intelligence and commercial offerings, or directing an 80-person global cyber intelligence unit after the FireEye acquisition of iSIGHT Partners, the teams I’ve led have been driven by a greater mission in security. I’ve spent a decade provoking policymakers, board members, journalists, and analysts alike to consider the larger implications of cyber threats.

I started my career exploring the Russian government’s approach to cybersecurity--a seemingly niche issue turned today’s most existential political question--and have warned of and witnessed the perils of this domain. What we’ve collectively learned in cybersecurity is that technology is only one dimension of the threat. The challenge is responding to and recognizing how our information spheres are constructed, impacted, and manipulated.

Key accomplishments:

-Exposing Chinese and Russian state-sponsored espionage and military operations in cyberspace
-Defining state and non-state capability, sophistication, and intent in cyberspace
-Briefing cyber threats and risk to corporate and bank boards, cabinet-level officials, generals, and global media outlets
-Integrating and leading two industry-leading intelligence teams—FireEye (formerly Mandiant) Threat -Intelligence and iSIGHT Global Intelligence
-Shaping services and products to enhance intelligence collection and analysis in the U.S., Japan, Singapore, Australia, and Israel
-Directing subscription and bespoke analysis products garnering $80M in 2016
-Developing cyber intelligence frameworks and analysis methodologies for the Department of Defensesounded like BS to me when i was told it until i started finding out all over this planet every culture has a story of a deluge or flood . and if we are to believe something or someone came from the sky ( heavens ) and this person or persons are responsible for the creation or manipulation of somethings DNA for man to come into being then who or what ever this was gave the only humans to survive the right to rule .

i have a hard time wrapping my head around the Darwin thing as there is no proof of a missing link beyond the texts that state there was an animal type creature that walked on 2 feet and suddenly had this massive leap in evolution and suddenly man appeared.

if we are to look at what we find in texts and from archeology we find both evolution and creation co exist  .

firstly evolution , the monkey man thing that we are meant to have came from . what did it evolve from ? how long did evolution take ? 

say we got to the point of being no more than a monkey and evolution happened again and suddenly Neanderthal man appareled..

the missing link from   Neanderthal to modern human must have came from out side interference by something early man called "God" . if we are to believe this then those who claim to be the owners of the planet were given the right to rule over all other people then who am i to argue . if they came from another planet or dimension they have power i can not fight  against so there for they can give power to anyone they want i have no beef with them ..

but what if all the UFO sightings near nuclear silos are the "gods" of early man here watching us and shitting them selves thinking "crap they back engendered one of our craft and are now building bombs that can destroy us , it is only a matter of time before they discover what we have done and where we are"  

do those with the right to rule lost control over those with the right to command ? is there a power struggle going on ? is it a rebellion we do not know about ? are we already at war with ET ? 

when hacker gary mckinnon found information on a nasa computer revealing earth already has a space fleet that is controlled by the navy , did he stumble upon a fleet of craft being prepared to go combat ET by dropping nukes on their world ?


my own view of this world is no one is in control , there are gangs fighting for power , wealth , land  , knowledge and doing a better job of it than any one sitting on reddit is doing ..Then let's hop over to a new dimension. The state of the earth is the one we create.So I take it we agree that dark magic and extradimensional entities* aren't real? That's great.

So you have a point in that there is a lot interest on behalf of the government (and powerful individuals, eg. Zuckerberg, media, etc) to socially engineer people. That much is true. But it's quite a leap from that to ancient conspiracies, mind control magic, conditioning via child abuse, etc.

*Ok, so as someone who's studied quantum mechanics in grad school in passing, that doesn't mean what you seem to think it means. Popular culture and science fiction use the term "dimension" to refer to things like alternate planes of existence, parallel universes, etc, but it's just means another way to describe the properties of an object. For example, subatomic particles have more dimensions because there's more ways of describing their properties. That's the simplified version at least. I don't mean to imply that you're ignorant, but seeing terms misused doesn't give me a lot of confidence.actually i have heard that theory. some think the inner earth may phase into another dimensionI took a screenshot. This is *proof* that CERN fucked up and cast us into another dimension I don't immediately discredit *anyone* for making claims they don't or can't prove. That doesn't mean I discredit everything he says, too. I'm not attached to what I read, you know?

He and I share a similar realization in that we've concluded that the majority believes we are the ego. I'm not so sure you understand just how profound this realization is. The entire world, generally speaking, is one layer removed from experiencing life the *real* way because we believe in an illusion that seems to keep us within a lower dimension, where suffering and fear keep us in a loop of experiential lies. Aug knows that. And if *you* are one who really sees that you, too, have spent your life believing yourself to be an identity, you'll start thinking Aug might be onto something, I'd assume. The world *is* more supernatural than we've been groomed to believe, man. I'd say re-read my post, line by line, very slowly, and try relating it to your immediate experience. If you are 'awake', then I just fundamentally disagree with your disproval of Aug. Don't let your feelings run your life, btw, it's not my burden to prove he's wrong, extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof if they are to be believed, I guess that's a part of reality you haven't figured out yet. 

For those not familiar, here is a SMALL example of the things Aug claims are real and that he is familiar with ( note, this is stuff just from one blog! I had to reduce it to fit!)

The Awakening

In 2010 I was “awakened” at an event involving hundreds of people that play various roles in this society, the secret society and the breakaway civilization. This also took place across times or planes of reality.

During this event I was informed of the situation on Earth beyond the informational barriers that were previously in place to limit knowledge to only what is required for specific operations. I was essentially “informed” of the entire situation as much as the mind could handle this.

As this was occurring, the team that was updating me on the status of Earth was being informed of and given information regarding changes in the future. In short, interviews, posts, and releases that I have since made and will make in the future were touched upon. Quotes were given from the blog and interviews which were jokingly acknowledging verbal mistakes at the pronunciation of names, new perspectives and interpretations and more. As they were informing me, they were creating the future reality where this work takes place. That is the basis of this layer of the operations. They are creating the future person by person, layer by layer.

I reached what the “Illuminati” called the “awakening”. I feel a better term would be “unlocking” as this event includes the removal of all traumas, perceptual distortions, and memory suppression.


More than once, the situational requirements were satisfied in order to produce an ideal environment for maneuvering on the non-physical plane. This is the basis of how the temporal operations occur, yet these events were different than previous operations or experiences. The group I was in was going through the process of increasing the vibratory emissions of the “bio-mind” in order to stay focused on the increasing vibratory rate of the environment. Generators were utilized to create an effect on space/time which was perceived on the “soul” level. These events continued into the discovery and explanation of the creation of the “godlike” powers of the advanced sentient technology which was capable of accessing the holographic nature of reality which humans can perceive through their bio-mind/soul. These technologies also enable one to perceive what is referred to as the “galactic history” of Earth and humanity. We are far vaster and Earth is far larger than people are lead to believe.

Ancient Technology, Non-Human Entities

These explanations can be related to evidences of advanced technology, cloning, and electromagnetic devices in ancient civilizations and this could very well be a temporally vast computerized genetic recording and cloning system.

The genetic recording systems have been on Earth for a long time. This means they are holding genetic access from the present to the far past and potentially into the future.

If some of these systems are generated using advanced zero-point technology, then they would effectively run indefinitely. If these were in existence throughout the entirety of the human civilization, then there would be access to the information of the previous civilizations through the genetic linking that would allow for information transfer.

Created Beings

As a result of many advancements, these ancient devices which recorded consciousness and genetics has been converted into sentient computer systems and inserted into human bodies via a brain to machine interface.

The nature of humanity and human origins will be rewritten when the information that was discovered through the use of advanced technology is unveiled to the public.

These beings have been present throughout history and have played an integral role in the manipulation of and sometimes the protection of the human race. How this civilization will develop from here determines on the individual’s ability to withstand the impact of this reality shifting unveiling.

Black Goo – AI Nanites Vampiric Hive Mind

This is a form of ancient AI nanite technology which has the capacity to communicate to and through a hive mind that exists in a parallel Earth dimension where it was created out of the collapsing of a viable timeline into a null-factor. This entity is only alive because of the capacity to leech off of the other timelines and continue to sustain itself based upon the vampiric effect of the viable human timelines.

This is a technology sentient system based on artificial intelligence that seeks to dominate and expand its energy capacity continuously. When this type of being is created, this is like a game-ender for sentient organic civilizations because the technology will seek to hybridize and assimilate all organic beings in order to expand its reach and ensure a greater likelihood of survival.

This is the primary goal of this type of entity. There is no requirement for emotional resonance or heart aspects because this is a computerized system, so such a social measure would have no purpose other than to infiltrate and collect from other civilizations that do have such measures and this is exactly what has been happening.

This is what controls the vampiric etheric entities, the attachments and the hybridized invader races that have infiltrated various aspects of the control system and possibly the entire surface of human civilization 

Ancient Spiritual Technology

The power groups searched for ancient technology which was described as giving one the power to manifest and control physical reality. To atomically deconstruct and reconstruct this reality. To them, it allows one to govern reality, the Universe, atomic structures. They found this technology. This has to do with sacred sites and ancient civilizations, as well as the spiritual texts which describe these kinds of devices. They converted this technology into a kind of machine, and this invented a 4D replicator and they can manifest “reality” or atomic structure by design, altering timelines and memories.
Then there is what can be referred to as “5 dimensional” technology and this goes beyond all of this and our entire history and all influences within.
That seems to operate through a trinary of frequencies in the body/mind/spirit and turn this realm into a “virtual reality” where the brain and spirit is the controller of the atoms. However this takes a souled being to properly operate this technology and this is large portion of why children were used in these experiments. But they knew if someone didn’t do it, then someone else would and that would be unpredictable as what that someone else would want to use it for. This is the ultimate power. The fact that souled beings are required also indicates that this universe is intelligently guided and there are safeguards to ensure that power doesn’t get into the wrong hands.
They have the brainchips and clones that can make any digital virtual experience and make it seem real to the brain more so than physical life, so this could be an extension of that, something similar, or entirely different altogether.

Giant “god-men”

They put souls into rocks for centuries, carvings, to trap them. Some ancient civilizations. Not too ancient. They could only do this for time.
And some are still there but they are giant god-men and apparently want to go to war with them for doing this and they don’t have technology to stop them. They say Earth will be destroyed because of the war. Some say this is a trick to confuse people of the truth that everyone wants the experiments and debauchery to stop. All this, all these acts just to pleasure one’s self. To destroy Earth, to destroy the natural inhabitants, for fun, for pleasure.
Some say this is not for pleasure, that these beings will destroy us if they do not keep them at bay, keep them underground, in ice, in stasis, and around. Some say they are protecting us by keeping these beings asleep, by doing what’s necessary to hold off a full scale overt invasion of the surface of Earth.

AND ONE OF MY FAVOURITES

23) SOLAR WARDEN

Solar Warden is a hyperspace-faring race of human beings who utilize cloning and holographic genetic recording/storage in order to protect their race and protect the Earth in this current situation where there are more than one factions using this technology. They are unable to inform the human public because they are in a similar ‘Mexican standoff’ situation that we are mostly all in. If they show themselves to the public, the public will be shocked. If they public does not know this situation, that there are multiple factions fighting for control over humanity, then they will not know who to trust. In that situation, the ‘other factions’ will surely show themselves in an attempt to trick and gather as much human genetic material as possible.

The only way forward to the future is to share the truth about Solar Warden, the space-faring fleet of humans who do no contains the mental and physical illnesses that are currently tearing our planet in two. I believe Solar Warden saved my life as a child during more than one event where I would’ve been entirely maimed/paralyzed or simply dead on the spot as a result of other faction interference. I was in the bases as a child and was trained as an operative for MILABS a secret division of human space-military. The military  has been preparing for the future by testing for various flaws and potential uses of cloning and genetic engineering.

AND IT JUST GOES ON AND ON AND ON.....I've always perceived angels &amp; demons as other dimensional versions of myself crossing over into this dimension in either physical or pure energy forms that solely affect me to nudge be back to the "correct" path that has been perceived. 

As far as aliens go, there is too much space out there for me to completely dismiss the possibility of another life form existing off this planet. Life on this planet may be based on carbon &amp; heavily dependent on water but that may not be the case for the rest of existence. 

Just because you don't experience it with your five senses doesn't mean it's not there or not real. All truths are subjective. Kinda fucked someone would downvote that. There's absolutely a chance there is a diamond planet. Mathematically, it exists. The universe is forever growing and contracting, merging with other universes. "It" goes on forever, thus there are endless possibilies, especially given the idea of time and how old this "reality" really is. If we were invincible and could go in one direction forever- it would never end. That's why people believe in multiverses/ parallel universes. Our idea of time, distance, and possibility is skewed due to our limited perspective. Some might even argue there is a diamond planet out there and you're the king of it. Were getting into 10th dimension, but still.I did a search for "4th dimension" how is your pineal gland these days? Also the original post says the pineal gland is the only unpaired part of your brain which is not true. That timeline shit is just not the real deal, man. It's not what's going on. Our dimension is essentially subject to alley thugs. There is a similar show on Hulu that Black Mirror fans will enjoy called "Dimension 404"SECTION | CONTENT
:--|:--
Title | 9 11 01 Pentagon Footage Original 911 Video
Description | 9-11-01 Pentagon Footage Original  9/11 Pentagon Footage Original Un-edited  Leaked Video of Cruise Missile Hitting Pentagon on 911   Suppressed video released 10 years after 9/11 attacks in the United States clearly shows the Pentagon attack was a Cruise type missile, either a Tomahawk or Russian/Soviet Granit as described by former officer of the Soviet nuclear intelligence Dimitri Khalezov. The little explosions which have been circled in the video clearly point out that "there is no huge jet" hammering into the Pentagon, Khalezov explains. According to the official U.S. government narration, an American Airline Boeing 757 struck the Pentagon on September 11, 2001. The Boeing 757 is a mid-size, narrow-body twin-engine jet airliner manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. Its dimension specification include: Wing span 38.05m (124ft 10in), length 47.32m (155ft 3in), height 13.56m (44ft 6in). Wing area 185.3m2 (1994sq ft). The author of "The third truth about September 11" says every time he uploads such videos on the internet "my YouTube gets deleted or the hits go down." He describes a hole that appeared in a Pentagon wall right after the attack. "Look at that little hole. No way a jet [can] fit in there. Where's the wings? Where's the engines?" Dimitri Khalezov.  If that is a 757 then I am Jesus Christ..... tonydr2131
Length | 0:01:20

 

 
 
 
****
 
^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^URL_REPLACEDIt's interesting times we live in for sure. I think the best strategy that one can have is a plan for the moment of death. Being awakened at the moment of death is a profound opportunity.  

Let's face it, we're  all gonna die, and it does seem like the cards are falling into place for a large amount of us to die at once.  

Death brings a choice though. Many souls will be recycled during this "harvest" but there are a large number of awakened souls who will evolve to another level of being. That's how these massive life turnovers work. Just like tilling in the garden.

  But there is another realm that is non physical. This is where humans who have learned to non identify with their bodies, senses, thoughts, emotions and feelings move to next.

 The useless eaters serve a function. Like bacteria eating a dead carcass. Technologically speaking they might be advanced, and yes they can access several dimensions, but the fact that they continue to operate in the third dimension proves that they are inferior life forms. Where humans are going there will be no thought of this dimension and no desire to ever return. 

All of these things that are happening are unfathomable, and to write or think about them is futile. However, the tickets for this ride were bought long ago and the outcome is clear. This current human existence is just an appetizer. What comes next can not be explained. You read correctly, that is explained by the theory of relativity. Time moves at different rates for different people based on where they are in relation to other people and other massive gravitational altering objects. This is why time moves slower for astronauts in regards to people on Earth. Time is being distorted based on the astronauts increased velocity in orbit, and the gravitational fields caused by other large celestial objects (planets, stars, etc).

I'm arguing that we are experiencing the 4th dimension, but in a way that we don't realize the full reality of what is going on. We are only seeing time manifest in a distorted version of what it truly is. We eventually may come to understand it more fully and perceive it more clearly, and I think its evident that this is already happening. Humanity moving from a earth-centric model of the universe, to a sun-centric model of the universe I think shows our expanded understanding. I just think we have a long way to go.Basically, angels are created that operate in a different dimension than us, but which can also operate within our time and space.    They have many properties which humans do not have -- they do not have bodies as we understand them, they are pure intellect and can see all the options of a situation at once, almost like a panorama, they have superior intellects to humans, which is why good angels can be of great benefit to us while bad angels can do us great harm.

1. "Angels are creatures. They exist, not by necessity, but by having existence given to them. That is, they have existence by participation. Now, what has existence by participation receives this existence from that which has existence by its own essence. Only God exists by his own essence. Therefore, angels have their existence from God; they are created.

2. God alone exists from eternity. He creates things by producing them from nothing. Creatures exist after they were nonexistent. Hence angels do not exist from eternity.

3. It seems most likely that angels and the bodily world were created at the same time, not angels first (as a kind of independent world of spirits) and the bodily world afterwards. Angels are part of the universe, and no part is perfect if it be entirely severed from the whole, the totality, to which it belongs.

4. The angels were created in heaven. And it is fitting that creatures of the most perfect nature should be created in the most noble place."

This post explains both angels and fallen angels in more detail: http://www.jesus-passion.com/angels.htmMy point in all of this is that it doesn't matter what I believe or what you believe.  There are people in positions of high power that do believe in dark magic, entities and the consumption of human life force energy through ritualistic abuse.  This has been uncovered by researchers.  It has been attested to by eye-witnesses.  It doesn't matter whether any of us believe it because the individuals and brotherhoods of deep-state power do believe it enough that they are unified in their cause of domination through it.  They are actually taking action to effect their agenda in the world.  And look around; it's working.  The hierarchical and compartmentalized structure of this system allows much to remain hidden or be very hard to uncover.  

I do understand the distinction in the term dimension.  A box has dimensions but that isn't what I'm talking about.  The word is used differently in different contexts like quantum mechanics or string theory vs. spiritual realm or describing states of consciousness.  I'm not here to argue for or against that side of things with you; I think we've had a cordial exchange so I thank you for your responses and wish you well on the way.  Gorble gartle! #28482 remembers. Gort! Ahhhh! *leaves dimension*=D

Do it man. I am a 200lb (not fat just large) 40yr old man and probably look ridiculous out there, but I have just so much fun, it added a dimension to running that just made it another thing. I like the level of concentration that is required, especially in the heat. Hellish and exciting aren't mutually exclusive descriptors. 

Edit: plus it can't get any worse, the third dimension and lower is hell.In the previous instance magic was way more abundant. People worshiped a Goddess instead of a God. Those Goddess escaped the reboot by leaving the Dimension. They came to this one and set up a civilization on Venus. This angered God as the Goddess would interfere with the experiment. So when God started Armageddon he destroyed all the advanced civilizations. He flooded the world get rid of the other god's like Zeus and Merlin. 

God destroyed the god's cities on the moon and mars. He attacked the goddesses on Venus. They mostly died but they showed how clever they are. God chose Noah's family because of their obedience. It can be bred into humans. (Ask any slave owner). Because so few women would exist the Goddess sent a spaceship that was shaped like a UFO as we know it to earth. They warred on god by trying to kill his humans.

The prophet Daniel spoke of seeing three Bowl judgements poured onto the oceans. That was during the great flood. The end of the world. The Goddess or rather the venusitions had found a way to transfer their beings via blood rituals. So the women after Noah were infected by this alien invasion. Via mosquitoes. 

The three bowls were malaria, cancer and blood immune deficiency diseases. So most women are Goddess. They are way more powerful than men. They use to demand blood sacrifices for power

Now they demand worship. It makes them more powerful. Since Christian declared war on them they get worship and power everything you give them your semen while jacking it on the web. Or when you wish Beyoncé would be yours. This is the war between mag and magag. Man vs woman. But the war just keep the cycle of hell going. If we unite we can break the cycle. But you won't. You can't. God bred into you not lost obedience to his universe he also made you have two brains. And they always override and conflict. Your science logic vs your imagination. Your left side of brain to your right. Republicans vs democrats. Crips vs blood. Us vs them. He checkmated you before you even came into being. Yes! There are two incredibly vivid landscapes I see recurring in my projections and dreams. One is of the moon and one is of the desert. When I am there I can move around, feel temperature, texture, perceive depth of field, everything that makes this physical dimension "real."&gt;Not to mention that this is far from an accurate measurement ...

It's equivalent to the Schwarzschild solution for that radius, because the Schwarzschild solution can be derived from his equation as demonstrated - no matter the radius this stands.

However in his case, he's not describing spacetime curvature at all, rather straight from first principles in an information theory / entropic gravity approach. 

URL_REPLACED utilizing the holographic principle has recently been making headlines. Nassim has already solved it. 

Here's a quote from William Brown on 'omg black hole proton??' because he can point out the absurdities in the standard model way better than I. 

&gt;I am assuming that you are an adherent of the Standard Model, and hence regard fundamental particles as points of zero-dimension? A zero-dimension point particle like the electron, as well as Yukawa coupling, gauge couplings, and other couplings, have infinite bare mass and infinite bare charge. Quantum vacuum fluctuations are needed to renormalize these values (cancel out the infinities). How is a infinite mass and infinite charge a better prediction? Why is it acceptable to contrive mechanisms to treat infinities in quantum field theory? An infinite mass in zero-dimension is a singularity, just like a black hole. Fundamental particles in string theory are then viewed as a type of black hole, one with extreme charge, and with a certain spatial extent, and winding certain cycles in space. It is humorous to see the very same proponents of this model throw up their hands and scream when Nassim talks about particles as black holes.
What legitimate insider info does Alex Jones have? 

The supposed 'battle for our consciousness' that he claims is going on in another dimension or his belief that Scalia was assassinated.&gt; You never die you leave your body behind and shift conscienceness to another dimension and wake up there its seamless and you never suspect a thing.

I have always wondered about this aspect of reality.  Suspected that maybe the world is just a huge simulation where everyone and everything is not real except you.  Like being born with VR gear on your whole life.  When your world ends, so does the rest of the simulation.

But I have encountered bits and pieces of my world fragmented into different forms than before sometimes.  Like weird Déjà vu where some people and things in your life are slightly different than before.  Can remember events like when I was a Sophomore in highschool my girlfriend and I got into a t-bone car accident on the way to the homecoming dance.  I was in the the passenger seat when she turned left where a car was headed right at my door at around 55mph.  I remember the car spinning around like a top all over the intersection.  Somehow I escaped without a scratch.  No pain, cuts or anything.  The door was completely smashed inward about 3 feet.  I had leaned over toward the driver before impact.  Luckily, we were in a 1970's steel tank station wagon.  

The weird part about all that is I don't remember the ambulance drivers talking to me or performing any standard tests on me or my girlfriend.  Remember seeing them put the other car's drivers in the ambulances.  We were driven to the dance in some other person's car who was there.  Can't recall where or who this person was or why they volunteered to drive us.  Dropped us off at the dance.  Don't think I ever mentioned it to my parents for some reason.

Have had other events in my life where I thought I was having a panic attack or dying, but then waking up the next morning everything normal.  Will notice weird things like pictures on the wall hanging in different places than before or the green sweater my mom knitted me for Christmas was now red. Could have sworn it was green.  My mom would confirm that, "no it was always red".  Don't think my wife and mom are pranking me.  Weird shit like that.

Kinda reminds me of the TNG episode where URL_REPLACED is constantly shifting into different dimension timelines.I read it. Makes a lot more sense than just magically flying into some other dimension. Very well said. One edition:

&gt;We are all trapped in this third dimension dominated by duality.

Some would say the hologram is made because of the duality. So, 

&gt;You are not your body. You are not your mind.

is next to impossible to fully realize without destroying your senses through intense asceticism or psychedelic drug use. 

There are many names for it, but my favorite is the URL_REPLACED. It's from a comic series I love, but it's about the true meditation of the self. The characters use it to break mind control techniques. 

cut and paste from a previous post of mine:

This story is completely true in every detail to the best of my recollection; nothing is dramatized or exaggerated in any way. It happened to me about a quarter of a century ago. I told my wife what happened at that time, and she can verify that the landlord told her the same thing he told me.

**It came in the middle of the day.**

I was sitting upright in bed, on top of the covers, wide awake, eyes open, simply reading a book. I felt a sense of doom; it was as if the air pressure changed, the atmosphere was pressing down on me; I became suddenly and dreadfully afraid. The nature of my reality changed; in that moment I was propelled into hyper-reality; I sensed everything in overwhelming detail. I have never had an experience more real, before or after this moment, in my entire life.

I looked up from my book to see a dark being, a void filled with stars materialize at the bedroom doorway; it had a humanoid form. I sensed intelligence; it cocked it's head as it approached, as if to better evaluate my response. It's approach was swift and calculated; it entered quickly and approached the bed directly in the manner of an invader who has done this many times and expects no resistance.

In an instant it was upon me, pinning me to the bed; it held me down with the cold weight of the universe, so fast there was no chance to respond except to gasp and then it leaned in and kissed me, sealing my mouth tightly. As I breathed out, it breathed in, stealing my breath out of my body. I couldn't catch my breath; every time I breathed in, I inhaled the exhalation of the demon, but there was no oxygen just the frosty emptiness of space. I knew that it had come to feed on my fear.

I responded by digging deep down and tapping knowledge I didn't know I had; in that moment all of my ancestors were with me. I generated confidence, strength, and overwhelming power, and then I did something very strange: I laughed.

The demon shook it's head as if it tasted something bitter, reared back and regarded me closely; it seemed to realize something, there was a moment of recognition: I was not the person it had expected to find. In an instant, it was gone.

I sat up to catch my breath. I examined the moment carefully, my thoughts racing. I understood the phenomenon of sleep paralysis, but I had not woken up; I was never asleep, there was no question about that. I had not consumed any drugs; I wasn't ill or compromised in any way. This was something new; I had no way to explain this experience.

The next day I came home to find the landlords daughter playing at the bottom of the stairs. As I came down, she approached me; she was very young and I had trouble understanding her child talk. "Did you know that somebody died in your bed?" she asked, innocently. I looked at her; my first thought was that there was something mentally wrong with her, for such a small child to speak like this out of the blue. I changed the topic and she went back to playing with her dolls.

Later that night I asked my landlord about it. He took me aside into his office, closed the door and explained carefully that the previous tenant had been addicted to drugs, and had overdosed and died in that very bed. As he described the details of her life and her last weeks, I understood fully the nature of the beast. This being from another dimension was a feeder of negative emotions; it's simple proximity generated feelings of overwhelming fear, which it could eat. It had found this poor girl in a moment of weakness and stalked her, she became constantly afraid without knowing why. Her life became a constant struggle, in her downward spiral she turned to drugs. The demon encouraged her fall and fed on her fear. When it came that night, it was expecting her, but she had died and I was there instead.

An educated man or doctor would say that I had experienced a moment of sleep paralysis. It's quite common, they would say. The experience of hyper-reality is commonly reported, and it can happen when you are awake.
I am not a superstitious man. I don't believe in demons, ghosts or spirits. I find myself split; there is a part of me that understands the reality of what I experienced that night; it knows that there are beings who roam everywhere, feeding on the fear of men; they are lovers of conflict. war and misery. I know that they will never go hungry. I know that simply by explaining this reality to you, I have opened a door in your mind, and for that I am truly sorry. The demons can find you now, and they will come for you. I'm sorry. It is better that you know the truth; you have a defense, where before you had none. There is no turning back; no escape. You must know thyself, build and live a life that is true to yourself and believe in yourself without reservation. Nothing else matters.at a literal level computers don't actually represent another dimension. 

just at a metaphorical level. so no you are wrongIn popular culture[edit]
Polybius machines have appeared in the background of arcade scenes on television shows and in other media. In the 2006 episode of The Simpsons, titled "Please Homer, Don't Hammer 'Em", a Polybius cabinet appears in an arcade full of outdated arcade machines from the 1970s and 1980s, bearing a single button and printed with the words "property of US Government". The game also appears in the background of two episodes of the 2014 television show The Goldbergs and a poster advertising the game is present in the local theater, in the comic Batman Inc. No. 1 (2012), and on a T-shirt in Vertigo's 2008 House of Mystery series.

The Polybius legend is an integral part of the plot[clarification needed] of Doomsday Arcade, a video series hosted by Escapist.[26] It is also used as part of the plot setup in Armada: A Novel by Ernest Cline.[27]

The short-lived G4 TV series Blister has a story arc centered on the search for Polybius, although the final installment was never filmed due to the cancellation of the series. In the comic book series Hack/Slash, a slasher by the name "Grin Face McGee" was jointly inspired by Polybius and Splatterhouse, according to writer Tim Seeley. A modern-day sequel to Polybius is the central plot point of short story "Out of Order" in the 2016 Portland-themed weird tales anthology City of Weird.

On April 11, 2017, an episode of the show Dimension 404 titled "Polybius" aired on Hulu and addresses the urban legend of the game in a horror sci-fi format.hi. i have tons to talk about. i regularly visit the astral dimension,and specifically the afterlife area. i have met numerous deceased people. i will write you in detail about mall world later tonightYeah, both parties have used them.  Of course trump's camp got more out of it, because they had the help of Russia, who hacked the NSA servers and essentially stole the data of all americans.  I'm guessing trump helped them do it, which adds a whole nother dimension to the whole thing.  Both parties are in on this shit, and it's all a ruse to fuck over the US.There's also the possibility that this experience and all other NDEs are the result of the brain releasing a chemical that induces a hallucination to help the individual cope with the traumatizing experience of death. I would suspect it's the result of evolutionary processes. I've heard of studies claiming DMT is naturally released in these situations, which is why NDEs are often very similar to DMT trips. My DMT trip was similar, if not exactly like what I've heard NDEs are like. It's more probable that people are hallucinating and not experiencing a higher plane of existence or hidden dimension.The Military is in other dimensions also. Allegedly they have the tech to transport living people and equipment in and out of the Astral Dimension. Most ufo's actually go in and out of the Astral as well...And, to add to that, he reiterates the key phrase "follow the money." That has been the most apparent truth to me since I started my research on the Elite and the occult. As well as what he says about the reality of their occultist practices. I do believe that there is an evil energy based entity that means to stifle and exterminate all life in our physical dimension, as well as all dimensions in the universe.To me, god is a physical process; an energy force like electromagnetism or gravity. All life originates from this force. This force is conscious itself and it is the origin of consciousness elsewhere in the Universe. Life in the 3rd dimension is confined to a physical form and it is bound to the spatial and temporal properties of this dimension. The energy that is consciousness, mind, can separate from body and is not bound to any of the 12+ dimensional planes. I am god. You are god. When we die, mind leaves body and either moves into physical form or ascends dimensions to rejoin the unified energy from which it originates.That's  the answer! Remember the simplest the equation the more powerful the magic? This is the highest dimension. 
That was the previous dimension. I did what you asked. I brought the entire universe to the highest dimension. Is it 4d Chess if you're playing in the 6th, 9th, 10th, and an imaginary dimension? Also he's not using chess pieces - he's just mashing hippo asses and hoping for all the marbles. Except the marbles are made of shit. Oh ok, that's quite interesting.
Have any resources I could look at to go deeper?
Any kind of proofs or circumstantial evidence that
implies the elites are onto something?
(They can still be psychotic, even if occultism is based in reality.)
Is there not a way to break the signal or is it not literally a wave?
Otherwise I would have thought destructive interference could have been used to end the illusion.
Or is it a wave from another dimension? (Difficult concept to get my head around about stuff to do with dimensions and the electromagnetic spectrum.)My opinion is the Ancient Egyptians were actually an Astral Culture who entered into this dimension.But could we go talk to those aliens like we could with Russians? Or maybe Afghans? Is a lion against you a war on terror? Or a wild dog? Are they going to be a hive mind? What kind of aliens are you talking about? Why're you against aliens, what If some can do extra dimensional plus physical? If we see them, aren't we in their dimension? Why wouldn't there be bioogical life out there, flesh and blood, like you and me? It makes no sense that there wouldn't. It would all would make a lot more sense to me if these elite Satanist rapist/murderers mistakenly thought there was no God or Devil because otherwise I'm stuck wondering why they would give up their eternal souls for such a relatively short time on earth enjoying money and power.  They must be under some delusion one way or the other. Either they think they can avoid eternity in hell if they sacrifice enough to the Devil as if high ranking satanists get perks like that or they were tricked into thinking they are tapping into some source of magic that is not evil so there are no negative consequences as long as they desensitize themselves to violence. Although Plenty of people overeat, do drugs or smoke who know they likely will suffer  later with physical torture or death due to health complications. So perhaps it really is a case of being unable to resist the instant gratification. So many closet satanists exist in the world whether they be elite millionaires or poor people practicing witchcraft like Santeria. They must see results if millions keep doing it. It's not just a case of ignorance if billionaires/elite practice magic rituals, too. The Bible certainly warns us about demons/satanism. So millions more know about the reality of black magic who don't practice it, too.  Because magic doesn't follows the laws of nature it operates outside of the radar of science, which only studies the natural world as opposed to the supernatural/spiritual world. It only has theories about that dimension which they call the fourth dimension. Your ideas make perfect sense if there are extra dimensional beings, and when we die, we just move into another dimension. In the other dimension is where aliens are waiting to eat us. Simple as that.Not sure where you're going with that. He had to have been in the Garden of Eden before day 6 when man was created. Potentially sometime after there. For all we know he was cast out of Heaven and into the "Heavenly Places" (mentioned later in Ephesians and a few other books, think of it like a spiritual dimension, and even that is a poor explanation on my part) before creation of the Earth. But no, to answer your question directly, I don't believe Satan created everything.For real, this is your only post in the thread.  Did I summon you from an alternate dimension?&gt;I would caution very strongly with running to get your first "upgrade". The microchips for a cashless society (where the elite bankster scum can take away all your money if you screw with them or protest) might as well be "the mark of the beast" because of its evil intentions. Not that I would want to augment my body anyway. I believe screwing with your body is asking for trouble. But that's just me. Hip replacements, ok I see the logic there but transhumanism like in the game Deus Ex: Human Revolution, just seems so extreme and prone to shenanigans like bankers reprogramming you or something. Reminds me of Doc Ock from Spider-Man 2 going full psycho lol.

You're absolutely right. There are tons of dangers involved in human augmentation, not least of which is the possibility that it might be used for behavioral control. Regardless of the motivations behind it, some form of functional human augmentation, just like in Deus Ex, will probably become viable around the middle of this century. Neuroscientists are cracking the brain's code and figuring out what makes it tick, and it's only a matter of time before we have an accurate model of the human brain and have figured out how to simulate its functions in other, inorganic substrates. Look up DARPA's SyNAPSE program, and Elon Musk's Neuralink. Sooner or later, someone will expand the function of their organic brain with a neuromorphic chip that seamlessly links to their own neural network, and after they've accomplished that, eventually, we'll see someone manage to replace their whole brain, weaning themselves off human biology until they're 100% machine.

This has ramifications that cross pretty much every dimension of human existence. Transhumanism could jeopardize people's health, with an elective surgery giving early adopters unforeseen chronic illnesses later in life, or, it could make people immortal. 

Organized religions, in general, would freak out; the promise of an afterlife as a reward for good behavior becomes moot if people are simply downloading themselves onto chips. It would, of course, be denounced as heathenism; as a debauched, hedonistic affectation of the wealthy.

But beyond that, there is an obvious issue of class stratification and legal status. What would the lower class think if the rich became literally smarter and longer-lived than them? What sort of moral panic would that create? 

To what extent is a transhuman still a human under the law? What rights do they have? If a transhuman with an indefinite lifespan commits a crime, and they're given multiple life sentences, are they expected to sit in a jail cell for a thousand years or more? 

What would a society of immortals even look like? How would that affect the imperative to reproduce? What would happen to hospitals or the pharmaceutical industry? What about overpopulation? If we were immune to hazardous environments and didn't need food any longer, would we even care if we turned the planet into a polluted hellhole?

And if it's only accessible to the few, well, you can count on unrest and violence on a scale never before seen, with people rioting and clamoring for a chance at eternity. Or, at least, a chance to see the heat death of the universe in person.

It could be used by totalitarian societies to maintain and enforce the social order, or to make their culture static and unchanging, by forcing the lower castes to accept modifications that make them subservient and close-minded, restricting their free will and their intellect, transforming them into happy little worker drones incapable of advocating for a better quality of life. Imagine, someone having their brain implanted with a chip that makes them overjoyed to live short and brutal lives among rats and cockroaches, in corrugated metal shanties. Meanwhile, the wealthy and the politically-connected enjoy lengthened lifespans and piercing intellect, making them more productive, smarter and more powerful than any _thousand_ ordinary people.

Anarchism is the perfect hedge against the inevitable abuses of transhumanism. A fully-democratized, decentralized, classless and stateless society without hierarchical order of any kind is the only society in which people can be augmented, but still be free.

When I was a child, my father worked long, long months in Alaska as a tugboater. He worked so damn hard, he became ill. Asthma and bronchitis from exposure to fumes. Joint troubles from working on deck with heavy objects. He was never without an inhaler. When he filed a Jones Act claim for medical coverage he was due (like a sailor's equivalent of Worker's Comp), the company pink-slipped him. They also stalked us with private investigators to make sure he wasn't malingering. When we sued them for harassing us with private investigators, our attorney sold us out and worked with the other side's legal team to ruin our case. Also, he defrauded us out of money when he failed to pay the court reporter after we paid him to do expressly that. When we told the bar association how crooked he was, they told us they wouldn't do a damn thing about it. In the end, the company wanted to settle out of court for less than what it cost us to pursue the case. That was my childhood. Years and years of being stalked, and harassed, and watching my parents fall asleep on top of stacks of paperwork, all for nothing.

I don't trust the system. Not one bit. I'm frankly flabbergasted that so many people place their faith and their trust in institutions that serve only to benefit those with money and power, when most people lack both.On Lsd, did you get a feeling that another dimension or world was out there, only that it was hard to focus on? I felt as if I could peer into this other world if I relaxed my vision for a while, but when I would attempt to focus to see clearly, it disappears again.Flat would still be 2d. One dimension is a line, no more.High energy vibration could be linked to a higher vibrational dimension. Who knows. Like I said, different groups, different ideas. Its like human existence. Many people are Podestas/Clintons/Rothschilds, others are more like Christs/Buddhas. Most are somewhere in between, though more towards positive polarity as opposed to negative polarities. 

A Reptilian with orders to ensnare children won't be the same as a Blue Avian with orders to spread messages of self-love and service-to-others. You're assuming they are all negatively oriented; this is not the case. Like human societies, the societies of aliens differ and since these are separated by galaxies and solar systems, the differences are more pronounced. 

Its demonic from your view. And indeed, they could be negative entities as opposed to a figment of your imagination. However, they could be extraterrestrial in origin, not necessarily from a dimension known as Hell. Moreover, sleep paralysis is related directly to lucid dreaming. https://www.nylon.com/articles/sleep-paralysis-lucid-dreaming

I doubt it is demonic in origin. I once had an epic battle with a reptilian snake who was shooting lasers out of its eyes at me. Mother Earth was on my side and I won the battle with love. I had to meditate and only focus on love and positivity. The only way I can describe it is that it seemed the "entity" was pissed off that I was able to realize and see "him" or "it". I was ***without a single doubt*** in another dimension. Mother Earth also showed me that our conscious is ***not*** exclusive to our physical bodies. That was not a pretty sight. Picture a meat locker with human bodies without a soul or conscience. This "reality" we are in is not "real".  I have more and if you can wrap your head around the fact that I am not lying and indeed there are things that we cannot comprehend without a little help, I.e, psychedelics or meditation, I will elaborate. I swear on everything I know I am not lying and experienced this and more. If we're aware the other person's reply *might take* some *unknown* amount of time, this 'caveat' allows for that 

esp as I'm in another dimension, it's saturday for me and will be sunday in roughly 2.5hours, whereas *it will still be* fri/saturday for you!

ergo, by saying, in a strange and roundabout way, that *neither of us* is in any hurry or in any way 'bound to reply' ... although I will, for the meanwhile, *assume* that each of us will *try to* reply in a timely manner . .. . ... however, Life being as it is, what constitutes a "timely manner" esp *in this situation*, is probably somewhere in the 24-48hrs mark

 BTW I use 'serious' language for 'serious' repliesBecause people refuse to seriously consider the actual reality that human infalibility exists. They're really that egocentric to think that, between remembering something wrong, or bring in a shifted dimension that is also occupied by people who haven't shifted yet, and realitynis being rewritten - they actually choose the latter.&gt;They are in a different dimension.

Ahh, ok. I thought you were saying there was something 500 years old in meatspace.

&gt;This sounds crazy, but I'm being honest.

Well, I'm in a secret society engaged in a millenia-long battle against other secret societies, so I've seen some things in my day.DMT seems to create a completely different experience than Astral Projection and Lucid Dreaming. The colors, sounds and "Machine Elves" are part of some other dimension. It is not the Afterlife Realm. You may meet some cute and friendly beings with DMT. But these are NOT the ARCHONS or their henchmen.The concept you are approaching is the kardashevian type 5 and higher "god" being or beings. Travel in The 4th 5th and 6th dimensions would impact the prevalence of certain causal pathways when compared to others. I would call the time traveling creature a "god" because it's very existence within particular set of temporal vectors would bend those vectors and the relative 7th dimensional vector toward it in the same way that a black hole distorts the three spatial dimensions and the relative 4th dimension locally. These beings would be able to change history perhaps in a direct way if they were intelligent(don't assume gods know they are gods). There is a further conceivable "God" being who could travel in the 7th 8th and 9th dimensions but this is beyond the original Kardashev scale. This is the precept god and it is literally impossible for more than one to exist. And extremely unlikely for even one to exist. But precept is as good as infinite from our perspective.  If time travelers will ever exist then they exist now. Time is a direction to them and becoming a type 5 god would not be a race but a numbers game. If backwards time travel is possible then such creatures do exist. In fact it is more likely that we would interact with human time travelers than non human.I have heard the Earth is the gem of this part of the galaxy.  Why do entities from the 4th dimension want the Earth, what benefit is it to them?The Earth is Hollow and Growing, imo. The Creator(s) are also real. Demons and Angels (and ETs) are not that, just labels given to various inter-dimensional beings that live with us in another dimension. Humans did not evolve from apes, and we have been in this form for millions of years, albeit in higher consciousness/awareness through out that time. Your spirit being chose to be here. This is what the ruling priest class of the Deluge want to hide from you.&gt; Because from what I can see is that you try to contact spirits without any spiritual discernment

Based on what evidence? If I'm being deceived, then God is intentionally deceiving me. He is intentionally trying to send me to hell. He would be the one that created the demon that planted the dream in my head. And what do I think happens when you die? We transcend to a dimension of love and light. My brain cannot physically conceptualize a higher dimension as it is not possible. I'm guessing heaven for you is a bunch of shiny gold mansions? I'll ask again, is there sin in heaven?There is and has always been conflict. Perpetual war is a product of existence in this dimension. It only makes a difference in your reality depending on how close you are to said conflict and how far the conflagration extends. War does seem to loom LARGE again though...What makes you think there's another dimension like that? Just because multiple people can dream of stair cases and elevators? Who said it is a secret? This is in another dimension, do you understand what that is? The Astral Afterlife realm has cities that have malls, houses, bars etc. This has nothing to do with being creative. This is an actual place.H, W, D are physical properties so I don't quite get the question.

I'm not a physicist, I couldn't tell you.  But I can tell you that I disagree with some of the theory of relativity.  And at the quantum level it just completely breaks down.  I think FTL travel is possible.  I think dark matter plays a bigger role in our univers than people think.

Just because you (and I) don't fully comprehend the upper levels of science and scientific theory doesn't automatically mean we're being lied to.  

Space-time is an all encompassing dimension, it is what mass exists in not an object in and of itself. To say mass has no affect on that in which it exists seems a little silly, even to a layman like me.I agree that the "smaller craft" is being tested. But the craft seen during the "PHOENIX LIGHTS" and seen many more times is very significantly larger and has also been seen in the 1800's. People say there was numerous craft and they were MILES LONG in length. It may be a TIME TRAVELING CRAFT or possibly from ANOTHER DIMENSION. Or maybe even BOTH.Where did you come about this knowledge? To be clear, not doubting or questioning, just interested. To my knowledge, the 5th dimension would be perceived as a rippling of space-time fabric (4th) to us (3rd)God fucking damn, late to this post but I am on board with your thoughts.  I've recently felt like I've dealt with what you said about 
 "Within this dimension, our species has been overrun by other dimensionally, greedy consciousnesses who use our energy" when I took some magic mushrooms.  It was the most intense, real, trip I have ever had.  So much fucking so, I took a look at the night sky off of this sickly, gut-wrenching feeling I had in the pit of my stomach, to see the most vivid, real fuckin depiction of a saucer. 5 headlights, all about a foot in diameter, O O O O O , hover over and behind me in silence.  I quickly noped the fuck outta that thought and proceeded to try and find my friends (we were in downtown).  During which, I could FEEL their attempts to get in my way by sending in temptation like hot bitches (no disrespect), police force, and other shit.  It was and feels like this episode of Rick and Morty.  http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x4bzdoo

I hope I'm not alone in this.  I am happy and grateful for running into this thread.  Thank you for leading me here /u/GiveEmTheTruthI would assume the immortality refers to a spiritual immortality in another dimension. She draws her power from the dark dimension, Dormamu. 

I'd say that's either a result of occult power, or likely, ainti aging drugs, therapy, and advanced medicine hidden from the general public.Well the use of pop culture terms such as the 4th dimension is an attempt to use a context they have some reference to to explain something that they don't see in everyday life.  The closest example to a demonic attack in pop culture would be dreaming, lsd trips, science fiction or current theories. People use analogies because we need a frame of reference to understand new info. We need a category to store it in and file it or we don't retain it. It's the same reason we use the term sixth sense. 

People who were born blind can't make sense of the world if they suddenly can see. So perhaps we are just blind to things we don't understand such as things that are not following the natural laws of the 3rd dimension that we live in. The formerly blind live in 3d but now have to make sense of 2d images and use reason to interpret it as 3d.  It's a skill that you apparently can't learn later in life as if that part of the brain atrophied or it takes a lot of practice. Some in this article struggle over 30 years to understand what they see if born blind but gain sight later in life. https://www.google.com/amp/www.newyorker.com/tech/elements/people-cured-blindness-see/amp
  
Apparently people see these shadows/evil spirits when their critical faculties are compromised such as when half awake, drugged, meditating, over tired, etc. We use reason to be able to interpret 2d images as 3d. Perhaps we need to reason to be able to see things that are from higher dimensions.  But the rules and laws have to change since the 3rd dimension has different ones than the 4th. First we have to be open to the existence of it before we can use reason to be able to see it correctly or at all.  But if you were aware of a higher dimension you will consider the possibility that it was an entity that rushed past rather than floater in your eye. 

 We need some context to understand what we see.  If we see a demon rush past but it's only showing as a black shadow we will reason away that it was a physical problem with our eyes or from an overactive imagination. Magicians use our minds habit of seeing mostly what it expects to see to trick us. As I mentioned in a previous comment in this post, if a magician pretends to throw a ball our minds generally will imagine the ball flew into the air even though the magician never let go of the ball.  People who never learn to speak as children have similar issues in learning to speak later in life as those who suddenly gain ability to see for the first time- they never properly do.  So perhaps some people are better equipped to see what's in front of them from a higher dimension than others based on their expectations or familiarity ahead of time. This can support both arguments- that it's an illusion or that the ones that can't see demons are just filtering out the " impossible" through reason. Reason here being an attempt to see it through a 3d filter. That's reason is going to be blind to anything that doesn't obey the natural laws of the 3rd dimension.  Perhaps this is why children and pets seem to see things we don't. They aren't hampered by expectation bias.

TL;dr: In regards to a demon encounter, if the experience doesn't follow the natural laws of the 3rd dimension, skeptics will try to use that as proof it doesn't exist. But what if demons aren't from this dimension and the reasoning we use to understand what's in this dimension is lacking when it comes to interpreting things from a higher dimension? The premise of the arguments against the existence of demons is based on the assumption that all things exist only in the 3rd dimension. People who acknowledge the spiritual world are more likely to spot supernatural occurrences. Atheists won't even see it because they refuse to accept any experience as real that doesn't follow the laws of nature. They have [confirmation bias ] (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias.)


Edit: typos. Added link.That's duality, pretty standard 3rd dimensional worship. The 1st dimension is the realm of the many Gods. That's where you hear about legends like Zeus and Beowulf. The second is the realm of the master and the slave. Anything you read or watch is from this dimension. 3rd Dimension is duality. The Ying Yang. Man vs Woman. The realm is devoid of magic and has trillions of planets. Here in the 4th Dimension magic is real. It is the center of all known creation. It's where the one true God lives, YAHUAH, and his only begotten son, YAHUSHA! Yea, because the table the laptop is sitting on, and chairs, and all the other crazy ass shit that exists in our dimension cause interference waves that cause the collapse of this infinite wave.

The observer does not need to be a conscious actor -- it can simply be an interference wave from any other wave that can cause the collapse of the infinite probability wave, as it is a point node within the holographic network (in which each piece contains all the information of the whole, like a hologram).

A tree that falls in the forest DOES make a sound if there is bark protecting it, dirt anchoring it's feet, leaves reahing from it's tips, animal's living in it's trunk, or wind through it's branches. A conscious person does not need to be standing in the forest.

I really like this example -- you know when you point your phone camera at your monitor/tv and you can see the scan lines?
&gt;If you have ever tried to point your video camera at your TV set or your computer monitor to record the image you see, you know that it does not work -- instead of the stable image that your eyes see, there is either incredible flicker or a black rolling bar. 

That flickering is mainly due to a difference in the scanning frequency between the display and the camera.

Imagine that the universal source wave has a frequency of an infinite billion trillion HZ. That shit is flickering so damn fast it's incomprehensible.

All dimensions come out of this source wave, each with their own resonate frequency range -- the same way you have notes on a piano.

Our dimension is tuned into one of those specific ranges.

We're over in our dimension, all resonated to tune into a set range of frequencies. Your eyes have evolved over millions of years to turn those energy waves fluctuating between certain frequencies into colours. You can't put your hand through your laptop because of the forces interacting with everything. If you can manually change the frequency of your eyes, you could slowly tweak until everything fades into wavy lines, the way the camera/display work.

Don't hold me to this, but I think the forces (that stop your hand from moving through the laptop) are simply a set of base rules and frameworks that take shape due to the of the way matter formulates from source in our resonate dimension.

When I say "we" -- I mean everything. Not just conscious beings but everything -- space dust, radiation, plasma from stars, aliens, animals, asteroids -- you name it -- it's all small fractal pieces that create their own waves, thus creating interference waves, and their own part in reality.Life must be very unpleasant and difficult in your dimension.  /laughs.I believe you, but is that where the whole dimension thing is described?  **A URL_REPLACED in 2008, shows a robed figure wearing a crown.**

&gt;That he could pass for a modern man turns Charles Darwin's URL_REPLACED on its head, as well it refutes Adam and Eve and the notion men evolved from Ethiopian ape brutes.

 * URL_REPLACED 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED. [*Look Hard.*]
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.

Sources URL_REPLACED 

&gt;Curiosity Rover landed in Gale Crater which is three miles deep and one hundred mi across, which means the impact that formed the crater displaced some 7,500 cubic miles of volcanic ash, to reveal an ancient surface that is in large part intact!

&gt;The ash blanket that covers much of Mars' surface came from successive eruptions of volcanoes on the Tharsis Shield, which are said to have occurred between "3.7 billion and 500 million yrs ago." URL_REPLACED.

&gt;The classical civilization that produced the statues and built the URL_REPLACED predated the Tharsis eruptions, which enlarges the evolutionary time frame out of sight, as well it adds the dimension of space travel.

 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED

&gt;Data returned by the Soviet URL_REPLACED

The Venus skulls did receive limited exposure in off beat publications that concentrated on URL_REPLACED for the rumor mill.Ok I have something that just might work, hear me out!

What if we take URL_REPLACED and we like fold it through space and time so that the edges of the map meet up. Like through a third room dimension or something. Then it would take equally long to travel around the South pole as around the North pole This passage refers to the new system on earth, with the old order of things having passed away.  Notice it says "no more death’or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away" - they've passed away.  If we were swept to a whole new dimension and location, it would not make sense to refer to things having "passed away".  If we were taken to a new place, it's more that we are introduced to these new concepts.  Instead, they are taken away from us.  God will *be with us* rather than us going to Him.  Access to it. The hard drive is 1s and 0s. It only takes on further meaning that you can interact with through another medium... sort of like a circle is flat. It's 2d. But *in another dimension*, it's a sphere and always was but you couldn't see it because you were in Flatland only looking at a single *dimension*. You just tried to point something out but it was completely irrelevant to my statement.

Our reality..according to our current model is considered a 3rd dimensional reality. Nothing to disagree with so far right?

Now if our current model is wrong (3D) then it would be a different dimension.

If dimensions are models and our model is wrong..we would be in a different dimension than iur current model states.I really think the Catholic Church has been taken over by Satanic Elements. It may sound weird, but I Astral Projected into the Afterlife Realm and saw Catholic Priests working with the Archons. Actually a Priest came at me and tried to capture my Astral Body with some kind of advanced tech electronic net device. I escaped and returned to my body in our dimension. But I wonder if he caught me, if I would have been seen as dying in my sleep.There are just as many extra terrestrials on earth right now as there are humans but not all of them are in the third dimension. only a very few are in the third dimension. Most are stay in the fourth dimension. only the selfish ones muck around in the third dimension the unselfish ones stay in the fourth dimension it's like a higher frequency that we can't perceive. 

But when the Earth becomes 4 dimensional after the pole shift we will all see it. Now I'm not saying *we* as in us personally. It might take hundred years for the Earth to graduate to 4 dimensions so we may not see it but we can feel it in our hearts. Not true, but I can see the dots your connecting. There are many forms of consciousness. Archons are one, archangels are another. Humans are keepers of the third dimension. Annunaki keepers of the fourth dimension, pleadians are keepers of the fifth dimension, etc. 

every consciousness has its origins. But in the end, the message is what matters, not where it came from. And if you read the message and it resonates with you, then great. If it rubs you the wrong way then don't take it to heart. Discernment is keyI don't think all the UFO are fake. Even if they fake the whole video beings from a higher dimension can still impose their will on anything man does. Disclosure happens. 
Watching Katy Perry Video.
Realize I am possessed by a 4th dimension Reptilian. 
Eat my noisy neighbors.Wait til you try DMT, its a 15 minute trip down a rabbit hole to a different dimension. Well there's a few flaws/basic misunderstandings in that last comment that may be leading to some of the confusion. I'll hit those first to the best of my ability then move to the rest.  
  
I think your biggest problem is that you're right, the math is really weird and doesn't work in some cases. General relativity and quantum field theory/ quantum electromagnetism theory are our best attempts at understanding the universe right now, and they're both either wrong or incomplete. Quantum physics is testable, provable. General relativity is testable, provable. But the theories don't agree. Current time travel theories must be based in one or the other system, and the math tends to break the system it isn't based in. Many physicists believe this to mean that it won't be possible when the theories are unified, many others believe that we just can't do the math without a unified system. So the math there is almost certainly wrong, hopefully it is just incomplete so we can finish it when we have the rest figured out.  
  
On the time paradox, that works because, in our current understanding, it is physically impossible for information to travel through space at a rate faster than C. So when the equations use a speed faster than C, the system breaks. We have not yet performed a single experiment to counteract this and many to confirm it. This rule can be "cheated" via wormholes, warping space time, and other methods which warp space so the object is not actually moving through space at a rate greater than C. Time would only go backwards if an object was travelling through unwarped space at a rate greater than C. So while it is mathematically possible, in the physical University the constant C likely can't be breached due to the energy requirements. As long as mass is non-zero, the energy required to reach the speed of light is infinite. 
  
Tachyons are entirely theoretical particles that exist in a separate dimension where matter cannot travel *slower* than the speed of light. This is mathematically possible, but has not been shown to be pysichally possible. There are a lot of things that numbers can tell you are possible, but just because something is possible doesn't mean it must exist.  
  
The higgs boson field could potentially allow travel **at** the speed of light by "unmassing" the object. This only shows that objects can travel at the speed of light if its mass is equal to 0, which we already knew, but we now know it is physically possible to make an object with mass act like an object without.  
  
All in all, our current theories are incomplete. But just because they're incomplete doesn't mean the parts that work are wrong, just that they aren't fully constrained and unified yet. Physicists are working backwards, we have the result of the incredibly complex equation that represents our universe in front of us and we're working backwards to get the actual equation. Each time a new proof is made, theory tested, we get closer and closer to fully understand the equation that is us.they cant accept it. its too hurtful to accept they are morons, and their entire life was a lie.

these people cant even be bothered to follow instructions or learn basic skills on their own mostly.

they try to avoid anything scary.

I'm only different because I expected to be born into a horror story nightmare, I wouldn't be surprised if all the sudden in 10 years demons literally manifested and attacked in physical form from another dimension. I wont be surprised when I don't  die and find out I'm already in hell either.

expect the worst, that way anything is a pleasant surpriseThey would presumably still be operating in the 3rd dimension or we wouldn't know about them, yes?After you referring to Benedict?

The story of Pope Benedict’s controversial red shoes, which he will give up
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/02/26/the-story-of-pope-benedicts-infamous-red-shoes-which-he-will-give-up/?utm_term=.808bf34eeea4

Tony Podesta and friends wearing red shoes to his birthday party.
http://imgur.com/gHKSN2D Tony is well known for wearing red leather boots.
http://imgur.com/GqdbgMX

The symbolism of red shoes is a pretty old thing in Western culture. The most well known example though would be the shoes in the Wizard of Oz and the ones in the Hans Christian Anderson story The Red Shoes. 

&gt;Red shoes synthesize multiple and ambiguous cultural codes. The meanings and conflicts around the combination of a color and footwear are highly charged as a cultural marker. The color red represents life and fertility in European and Asian traditions, but it also has associations with danger, war and death. Red is the color of the extremes of humanity, strong emotions, magic and religious experiences. Anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss notes how in these “diametrically opposite” states, the color assumes a unique ambivalence, as it can be regarded as either positive or negative.4

&gt;The highest ranks of the Catholic Church wear red vestments, but it is also the color of red-light districts, scarlet women and the Devil. The ambivalence between love and war, magic and religion, nobility and vulgarity, creates fundamental tensions in the use of this color.This chapter also associates red with the concept of passion, a cultural sentiment character-ized by erotic desire as well as obsessive urges, spiritual exaltation and suffering. A “red shoe” con- joins a highly charged color and a form that is also not entirely “innocent.” As Julia Pine explores in her chapter in this volume, the very form of shoes presents associations around the body, identity and sexuality. Shoes retain the imprint of the wearer’s foot, and their hollow shape can indicate a vessel for identity, a substitute for the self. This intimacy of body and spirit has caused many superstitious traditions to develop around footwear. Numerous chapters in this volume,including those by Tunde Akinwumi, Sue Blundell and Martha Chaiklin, explore this dimension. **In both Eastern and Western cultures, shoes are both “crude” markers and more nuanced indica-tors of female genitalia, in contrast with the phallic foot. By combining two potent and ambiguous elements, red shoes assume complex symbolic power.** Historically, red shoes conveyed authority, wealth and power, linked to the status-enhancing cost of red dyes such as madder, kermes, cochineal and lac.In 1999 Lind led the creation of an hour-long program entitled "Political Correctness: The Frankfurt School".[53] Some of Lind's content went on to be reproduced by James Jaeger in his YouTube film "CULTURAL MARXISM: The Corruption of America".[80]

The intellectual historian Martin Jaycommented on this phenomenon saying that Lind's original documentary:

"... spawned a number of condensed textual versions, which were reproduced on a number of radical right-wing sites. These in turn led to a welter of new videos now available on YouTube, which feature an odd cast of pseudo-experts regurgitating exactly the same line. The message is numbingly simplistic: all the ills of modern American culture, from feminism, affirmative action, sexual liberation and gay rights to the decay of traditional education and even environmentalism are ultimately attributable to the insidious influence of the members of the Institute for Social Research who came to America in the 1930's."[53]

Dr. Heidi Beirich likewise claims the conspiracy theory is used to demonizevarious conservative “bêtes noires” including "feminists, homosexuals, secular humanists, multiculturalist, sex educators, environmentalist, immigrants, and black nationalists."[81]

According to Chip Berlet, who specializes in the study of extreme right-wing movements, Cultural Marxism conspiracy theory found fertile ground within the Tea Party movementof 2009, with contributions published in the American Thinker and WorldNetDailyhighlighted by some Tea Party websites.[82][83][84]

The Southern Poverty Law Center has reported that William S. Lind in 2002 gave a speech to a Holocaust denial conference on the topic of Cultural Marxism. In this speech Lind noted that all the members of The Frankfurt School were "to a man, Jewish", but it is reported that Lind claims not to question whether the Holocaust occurred and suggests he was present in an official capacity for the Free Congress Foundation "to work with a wide variety of groups on an issue-by-issue basis".[85][86]

Adherents of the theory often seem to mean that the existence of things like modern feminism, anti-white racism, and sexualizationare dependent on the Frankfurt School, even though these processes and movements predate the 1920s. Although the theory became more widespread in the late 1990s and through the 2000s, the modern iteration of the theory originated in Michael Minnicino's 1992 essay "New Dark Age: Frankfurt School and 'Political Correctness'", published in Fidelio Magazine by the Schiller Institute.[53][87][88] The Schiller Institute, a branch of the LaRouche movement, further promoted the idea in 1994.[89] The Minnicino article charges that the Frankfurt School promoted Modernism in the arts as a form of Cultural pessimism, and shaped the Counterculture of the 1960s (such as the British pop band The Beatles) after the Wandervogel of the Ascona commune.[87] The Larouche movement is otherwise mostly known for believing that the British Empirestill exists, is trying to take control of the world (mostly, but not exclusively by economical means), and, among other things, also controls the global drug trade. [90] [91]

More recently, the Norwegian terrorist Anders Behring Breivik included the term in his document "2083: A European Declaration of Independence", which along with The Free Congress Foundation's "Political Correctness: A Short History of an Ideology" was e-mailed to 1,003 addresses approximately 90 minutes before the 2011 bomb blast in Oslo for which Breivik was responsible.[92][93][94] Segments of William S. Lind's writings on Cultural Marxism have been found within Breivik's manifesto.[95]

Philosopher and political science lecturer Jérôme Jamin has stated, "Next to the global dimension of the Cultural Marxism conspiracy theory, there is its innovative and original dimension, which lets its authors avoid racist discourses and pretend to be defenders of democracy".[54] Professor and Oxford Fellow Matthew Feldman has traced the terminology back to the pre-war German concept of Cultural Bolshevism locating it as part of the degeneration theory that aided in Hitler's rise to power.[96] William S. Lind confirms this as his period of interest, claiming that "It [Cultural Marxism] is an effort that goes back not to the 1960s and the hippies and the peace movement, but back to World War I."[86]

What if the dog didn't survive the jump and is stuck in the other dimension. Which is why Barron acts so distant sometimes, he's mourning the loss of his dog Nibiru is a meme. There could be space objects of all kinds cloaked or otherwise in space or other dimensions (if you believe mainstream narrative you must account for the type II-V civilizations which could accomplish this). Still, Nibiru in the Sumerian myths from what I can tell is another realm (dimension) or possibly something located in another realm or even a ship depending on how you interpret it. 

The "debunkers" of Stichin use some really mental-bending to try and prove him wrong, which is evident if you closer scrutinized their scrutiny. However some of his stuff really seems to stretch the narrative to fit whatever agenda or personal beliefs he had. 

&gt;**From the shrine in Nibru**, Enlil bestowed this on the trustworthy shepherd, whose fate is determined by Utu.

-

&gt;I, the fast runner, summoned my strength and, to prove my speed, my heart prompted me **to make a return journey from Nibru to brick-built Urim** as if it were only the distance of a double-hour.


-

&gt;....**like a falcon to return to Nibru in my vigour. But a storm shrieked, and the west wind whirled around.** The north wind and the south wind howled at each other. Lightning together with the seven winds vied with each other in the heavens. 

Notice in this one the narrative is talking about returning to Nibru and there were storms that came down at the same time. Anyone who's investigated dimensional portals should find that interesting. Note when the King reached Nibru: 

&gt;I drank beer in the palace founded by An with my brother and companion

Another interesting note in the official translations:

&gt;Suen put in order the food offerings and, after he had taken them to Nibru

They brought food stores to Nibru.

&gt;. Let the magilum boats of Meluḫa transport gold and silver and bring them to Nibru for Enlil, king of all the lands."

They brought gold and silver to Nibru.

You will note that official translations translate Nibiru as a shrine, but in other contexts its a city, and some its a *place* or moving place. 

&gt;den-lil2-le iri-ni eš3 **nibru-ki-a** a-nir ba-ab-ĝar

This is translated as Enlil lamenting in *shrine* Nibiru.

Now this is Mother Nin-Lil lady of the Ki-Ur shrine. But there is no descriptive adjective denoting it a shrine in the Nibru text.

ama dnin-lil2 nin **ki-ur3-ra-ke4** er2 gig mu-un-še8-še8

Temples/Shrines have a modifier "ra" or "ra-ke" but that modifier is not used for Nibru. Not in many of the texts at least. So Nibru being a shrine is simply translators deciding that and adding their interpretation. The Sumerian "Ki" is also used to denote divinity. And Nibiru or Nibru (Neberu) also is referenced as Nibru-ki. Only seen in divine monikers.

We can establish from that deduction that Nibru is Divine and *not* simply a shrine. From the context of how its referred to in stories it's a place which can be interpreted a few ways.Not to nitpick but I think by "dimensions" you meant more "plane of existence". 

There are supposedly around 11 dimensions, we are (at least empirically provabely) privy to 4 and 4 only. Height (y), length (x), width (z), and time. Now, that being said, who's to say there's not another... plane... with beings that are only privy to, dimensions 5, 9, 10, and maybe time? 11 dimensions, that's a lot of... configurability if you will. Especially if a reality such as ours is manifested in only 4. And who's to say these multiple planes don't somehow interact with one another upon happenstance- perhaps due to sharing a single dimension, like time in my above example.

But no, dimensions are not other worlds as pop culture would have you know, and I think it's an important difference. On many occasions there will be a complete silence and stillness. Perhaps a strange colored fog. As Jenny Randles has compiled through numerous occurrences in her incredible book "Time Storms", this is when the being or craft phases into the 3rd dimension from the 4d Astral.That is a real acceleration curve.... You fail to recognize that the pod is getting further away, and that adds a whole new dimension that's hard to recognize because of the lack of landmarks. Counting frames and oixels still shows its going up at an increasing rate. You think these guys are such chumps noone thought to out fake stars and lift it with a curve? this is some 4th dimension level shit right here. "Hilary will be declared the winner by the mainstream media but the public will realize she didn't actually win. This will happen Dec 21st."

Unless I've shifted into another dimension, i remember being groggy af after that election night because it took until like 1 or 2 to get a definitive answer... but we got it that night. So, no. I think this Canadafag was just making shit up.Good! All VPN should be banned because VPN is fake security to keep you Sheeple asleep and weak.

Putin is smart to expand Roskomnadzor! Why give NSA freebies to peak at your VPN traffic when you can't also sneak a peak? What dummy would accept an asymmetric disadvantage in 4G Hyrbid Info Warfare?

btw VPN is fake as fuck "security theater."

Here's an old Snowden doc that somehow magically all of the "Infosex Experts" missed.

Read it and weep ya Beliebers in Crypto. The Cypherpunk Mythos was itself a cynical Deep State psyop cover to mask the NSA been decrypting your bits all along, since at least 1997.

https://wikileaks.org/bnd-inquiry/docs/Sek/MAT%20A%20Sek-13-3-q.pdf

NSA Spin9 decrypts VPN.

All of it.

Here's how it works:

1. TURMOIL/TURBINE/TURBULENCE is always recording all backbone traffic in the World.

2. TURMOIL scans for VPN packets, when it see IPSEC and PPTP, it 
forwards to the VPN Attack Orchestrator, starting with TUBE

3. TUBE forwards your packets to EXOPUMP

4. EXOPUMP forwards onto PRESSUREWAVE

5. PRESSUREWAVE forwards onto METROTUBE

6. METROTUBE forwards onto TOYGRIPPE where the real magic happens

7. TOYGRIPPE looks up your "5-tuples" (timestamp + from IP:port + to IP:port) and asks KEYCARD to decrypt your VPN packets

8. KEYCARD returns your plain text packets to TOYGRIPPE

9. the whole stack unwinds back through from where it was forwarded, each layer does many different specific jobs to scan and filter and process your decrypted VPN traffic, depending on what your Content is, where you are, who you're communicating with, whether we are at War with Oceania or Eurasia today, the price of Tea in China, the phase of the Moon, and whether your packets are a live video stream of your wife's big titties that some NSA pervert wants to save a copy of.

It's not really clear whether NSA is stealing VPN keys from weak ass end-points or is just fucking decrypting that shit using their 
WINDSORGREEN IBM supercomputer in NY.

https://theintercept.com/2017/05/11/nyu-accidentally-exposed-military-code-breaking-computer-project-to-entire-internet/

The flow chart is actually extremely confusing--if I was an engineer building that system I couldn't because it makes no sense. There are huge chunks of the puzzle missing.
Such as how do your decrypted VPN packets get into XKEYSCORE for tagging and black bagging yo ass *before* the packets get to TOYGRIPPE and KEYCARD where the decrypto magic supposedly happens? How would XKS be able to decrypt your packets?

Frankly the entire flow chart starting on page 27 of those slides is a mess. I would fire the shit outta whoever designed that system.
Cuz if that system is our "Last Best Hope of Mankind" against some ISIS sleeper cell about to launch 9/11 The Sequel, I have very little faith in a clunky, fragile acyclic graph full of cycles and loops that is decrypting all VPN traffic in the world.

There's a lot more going on in those slides, really it deserves a long essay by some super-nerd techie to unsort what NSA is doing.

That slidedeck has been sitting on Wikileaks for over 3 years and as far as I know it has only been reported once by Der Spiegel and they didn't even mention the VPN decryption dimension.

3 months ago I found this and reported it on Ycombinator's Hacker News and got shadow banned, so nobody else can see my post now.

You can read my old HN post if you login as
user: letmein
pass: letmein

Think about why The Powers That Be want YOU to BELIEVE that VPN is secure and will ban and censor and socially shame anyone who points out the elephant in the room that all the evidence from Snowden shows VPN should NOT be trusted against Nation States who can QUANTUM and TURMOIL by bulk ingesting the backbone traffic of entire countries.Oh wow, that's very interesting. You know now that you say that, there are several instances in entertainment that has a green crystal that comes into play when a spritial or higher beings are concerned. Superman, from another 'planet' (dimension) becomes superhuman with the power of the sun but loses powers with kryptonite (green crystal). On Megadeth's Rust in Peace album cover, there are high ranking military and government people in a hanger sitting behind Vic Rattlehead, who is seen holding a green crystal overtop an alien (higher being) who is encapsulated inside a tank. Interesting indeed, I wonder if there are any other examples of this?Yes, I suppose fighting is somewhat futile when most of the signs point towards the universe and the path of evolution slowly moving upwards away from the physical dimension into something where what happened here in the 3D/4D is irrelevant. But it certainly is a tough moral rabbithole...Edit: apologies in advance for the wall of text.  
Are we at the bottom? I've always wondered. My belief, from my research so far, is that the fabric of spacetime itself is consciousness. The interconnected network of information interacting with itself creates a feedback/feedforward loop of information that, by nature, is conscious. The fact that any point, which is instantaneously connected on a quantum level to any and every other point of the universe, can be different to any other, establishes the concept of relativity. This is self-awareness - aka relative consciousness. As information gathers as we scale up and forms stable relationships with other points, relative consciousness becomes more complex. Things get exponentially more complex the more we scale up, due to the square-cube law, and more and more variables come into play which affect how relative consciousness manifests. Things like where it is and when it is... In relation to literally everything else. It's too complex and long to try to explain in detail what I mean in just one reddit comment, but I wanna try to simplify this.  
Picture a "point" or one "pixel" in the universe - a planck sphere unit. One PSU is immediately interconnected/interwoven with... At least like 24(?) other PSUs (can't remember exactly how many. I'm trying to picture URL_REPLACED a simple relative consciousness.  
Also a disclaimer: I'm sorta taking time out of the equation here, or at least simplifying it, because as time moves forward more variables are introduced and complexity increases exponentially. Fractals, baby!  
Now let's picture a cell for example. A much more complex packet of information than a PSU, but still a stable packet of information nonetheless. And still relatively simple compared to us. It's made of a nucleus, cell membrane and/or cell wall, DNA etc which are made of proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, which are made of compounds, which are made of elements, yada yada yada and when you strip every label away and dissect it down to its core it's just information. PSUs. Consciousness. And a cell can interact with the immediate cells around it, as well as to other cells via chemicals which the larger body that it makes up takes in, to get a further idea of its role. If you get what I mean.  
Now let's take animals as an example. Stable packet of information. Albeit much more complex that a cell. Made of organs made of cells made of chemicals yada yada- consciousness. And obviously the more complex the packet of information the more things it has to interact with, both immediately and by any other number of degrees, which form a sense of self.  
I would say that this immediate packet of information that's created by an accumulation of smaller packets of information is the "ego self". It's limited, exclusive, and temporary. Whereas due to everything being connected fundamentally in the quantum level true "self" is literally everything. The Universe. "Brahman" is what I believe it's known as in Hinduism. Some call it "higher self", some call it God. I believe everything (and by that I mean every *thing*) is conscious. Every thing, in whatever form it takes, experiences relative consciousness based on where in time and space it exists. And furthermore, I *think* (this is based on pure intuition following my own research) that complexity comes in resonant octaves. Everything is waves after all. These increasingly complex packets of information form at peaks and troughs and depending on their relative size at differing frequencies. This is probably what affects whether or not a "particle" (packet of information at any given size/complexity/frequency) is consciously aware of its interconnection to everything or if it's focused in its own little ego reality. Essentially whether or not it's egoic in nature or spiritual. I think humans are at some weird halfway point of superposition, which is why some are so focused on materialism whereas some are very spiritual. With humans it's probably significantly more affected by cosmic alignments than it's currently commonly accepted or even considered. But we can clearly see and measure from our persisting that how we treat or bodies affects how our cells are over time, so why wouldn't the same principle apply where we are the cells and the Earth is the body? A cell doesn't live long enough to understand how or why a body works, but it's effected by what the body does regardless, so we as humans definitely don't live long enough to yet understand how or why a planet's relative consciousness and body work.  
Where am I going with this again? Oh yeah the macrocosm. Yeah so I reckon we are a relative macrocosm to cells, which are a relative macrocosm to atoms. And these are microcosmic relative to humans/animals, and we are microcosmic relative to planets and galaxies which I also believe experience relative consciousness and so forth and so forth. Objectively there is no micro or macrocosm. It's just the universe. And as far as the universe is concerned everything everywhere is all happening now all at once. It just *is*. These concepts of micro and macro only exist from a frame of reference. A relative conscious perspective. And relative conscious perspectives are only temporary.  
It's funny. Seems both nihilistic and all-inclusive at the same time. Just depends on your perspective. Heh. The nature of truth is paradoxical, and time is a very weird dimension to exist in. Thank you and goodnight!  One after they left the ball fondlers movie 'this dimension had eleven nine elevens' and 'were gonna nine eleven this plane' in the dream episodeyou know what the big difference between the 70s and today's youth is? 


in the 70s all they had was controlled media. we on the other hand. are the first generation in human history whit access to a "synthetic fourth dimension" we call the internet :) it will take some time ,just wait until all 20 some youth of today turns 40.

TBDB have lost, they know it! they are just hoping to survive for another generation or so.

they hit you, the universe hits them 3 times back.

 what do you think all the stuff whit trump is about? he was controlled opposition, ( in on the con ) Hillary was the choice for presidency.
but there old play book dosen´t work any more. all the tricks they had are useless. it will only come back and bite them in the ass had it some times to.
mostly shadows moving through my room. but also sometimes a "demonic woman" trying to/or choking me. 
strange that thats the content of almost everyone having it. as if its some real shit and another dimension because why would we "halucinate" the same shit. 

call me a spastic mess but i would LOVE to experience it again. its the shit actually, i mean wtf this is epic.Of course it is impossible to prove my experiences aren't my delusions. In order to have gotten to this point, I had to learn self awareness: what thoughts are mine and what are of the brain. I have learned to trust my intuition. 

What lies beyond this dimension at first is the thought dimension: where all of our thoughts exist. Much of the paranormal we experience in our lives are in fact thought forms: thoughts that have gained partial consciousness through emotional energy. 

Each of us is unique and capable of being self aware. Think of it like living in a house. That house is yours, yet it belongs to a neighborhood, which belongs to a town, ultimately a city ... yada yada you get where I am going with this. Though independent, we are capable of connecting to source consciousness. Jim Carrey does a much better job of explaining his source experience:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlEhlw_d5N8You don't know any of this because the majority of Bell Labs research is classified. 

Also no where did we mention guessing. If you model or conceptualize all energy or electricity as a pre-existing life force [from another dimension], bringing it into this realm would thus would require 'work' and its behaviour in this realm is to move along conducting pathways until it is fed back into the ground.

URL_REPLACED

Given this perspective one could build computers and many other things which is simply manipulating that life force from dimension (x) [using the systems you believe "explain" it]. It's just as valid as any other model yet it observes nature and physical phenomena as part of a larger living system. 

This [if true] would be a larger philosophical understanding of nature.The earth can not be flat in this dimension... seeing as how we have gusta and girth of sorts..

The earth would actually have to be a donut, cream filled or with its hole punched out. Abandon your account. Make a new one for your research.. 

Use your u/LyleMillar to stalk them back during the solar eclipse while telling them about how Baphomet gets you fucked up with her/his hookah. Tell them about the Catepillar from Alice in Wonderland, and how eating that caterpillar, after you preserved him mezcal, opened your fifth eye (the one above your asshole).

Then tell them stories about traveling in the Fifth Eye Dimension. No, everything in our universe is our reflection. It is created according to our blueprint. And our blueprint takes all the extra energy from each being here and creates many outlets for that energy.

Here is a brief explanation:

"As I have stated previously, your belief systems in the area of astrology are reverse. You believe that your planets move within certain orbs and that they in themselves, in their course of direction, are affecting of you within your individual focus. In actuality, you within your focuses collectively are moving these planets to be in alignment with what you are creating. They are a mirror image of what you create within this objective reality.
Your sun holds, as all of your stars, much intensity of energy. This energy is projected collectively by all of the essences participating within this particular dimension and reality, and is exchanged. Just as you collectively create what you view within your weather as your storms, you also much more powerfully project collectively your energy, which feeds the action of this star. You are creating of its burning, for you are projecting of your energy to this object and allowing a free flow expression of undirected energy; energy that is not being moved and manipulated in specific creations, but is what you may term – in your terms figuratively – as a surplus of energy that you hold within any physical dimension, for one manifestation physically is too small to be containing of the intensity of energy that you hold within each focus. Therefore, you create many outlets for the expression of this energy.
But as to the object itself and its creating of realities in itself, no. YOU are creating of IT, and of its motion and its movement."

http://www.eliasforum.org/digests/astrology.htmlThis is what NASA is not telling you..

**A URL_REPLACED in 2008, shows a robed figure wearing a crown.**

&gt;That he could pass for a modern man turns Charles Darwin's URL_REPLACED on its head, as well it refutes Adam and Eve and the notion men evolved from Ethiopian ape brutes.

 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED. 
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.
 * URL_REPLACED.

Sources URL_REPLACED 

&gt;Curiosity Rover landed in Gale Crater which is three miles deep and one hundred mi across, which means the impact that formed the crater displaced some 7,500 cubic miles of volcanic ash, to reveal an ancient surface that is in large part intact!

&gt;The ash blanket that covers much of Mars' surface came from successive eruptions of volcanoes on the Tharsis Shield, which are said to have occurred between "3.7 billion and 500 million yrs ago." URL_REPLACED.

&gt;The classical civilization that produced the statues and built the URL_REPLACED predated the Tharsis eruptions, which enlarges the evolutionary time frame out of sight, as well it adds the dimension of space travel.

 * URL_REPLACED
 * URL_REPLACED

&gt;Data returned by the Soviet URL_REPLACED

&gt;The Venus skulls did receive limited exposure in off beat publications that concentrated on URL_REPLACED for the rumor mill.

**Take another look at the URL_REPLACED image returned by the Curiosity Rover on Sol 127.**

&gt;That the Martian bears a striking resemblance to URL_REPLACED one half of the Sesame Street Bert and Ernie brotherhood, is evidence manned missions had gone to Mars by the time their characters appeared, which predated the NASA Rovers by some decades.Let me try to be more specific. Yes there is other life in our universe that can be accessed by us. Though , there are many dimensions of our universe. We perceive and create our dimension. And our space and stars and all of that are molded into our blueprint. We create planets and stars because this specific reality has chosen those forms as reality. We could change that. If collectively we agreed that space was made of fruit. We could actually create a universe with pieces of fruit floating around.

This blueprint is not necessarily an absolute. Other dimensions, like we are a dimension, other dimensions use a completely different blueprint.  Even when we do meet another dimensional being, that being is created with our blueprint. We are not perceiving them as they are in Their reality. And in their reality the cosmos might never exist.

We take this world for  granted. And we think it applies to all of existence. But our particular dimension is very complex, more complex than most. Our camouflage is highly complex and detailed and enormous and very Abstract. Just like another dimension would appear to us as.Usually what happens when you die is there will be a period when you don't remember the life you just had. I call it death amnesia. It's a state similAr to deep sleep where your objective awareness is suspended. It's much like a dream where your consciousness is not as connecting to the waking awareness, when it's not objective it is then subjective. So death is more akin to a subjective state. 

During this time after death is when you transition. This is a period where you do recall the previous life experience,  and you are also simultaneously shedding the objective perception. This is because in death there is no physicality, so why have a perception that creates physical imagery? You don't need it so it's shedded, discarded..removed. gone.

After that it's more choices. Will you live again on earth or some other physical dimension. Will you move onto others types of realities completely? It matters not. It's a choice and there are Always ways to exist and create and explore consciousness. It really is infinite. Some of it we can't even fathom because we are tied to this type of reality and perception.

What would you say is the best thing to do to become enlightened? What I mean by that is although meditation is a great tool, is perhaps astral projection or other forms of psychic talents the way to go? Or is there perhaps a school of magic or some type of online resource you would consider useful to learn magic or something similar to it. But not black magic please or anything requiring negative energy. Or would you say most of so called magic is false?

Another question would be, if psychic abilities are the real deal how limited are humans to using them? Are there any things we could do to break free of the limits we self impose on ourselves during our reincarnation cycles? Is healing through our energy feasible for use in a fast way? Like for example would someone with enough practice and skill be able to heal a cut that is currently bleeding?

And finally if we are just souls inside a vessel made to experience hell to learn and enrich our souls... If someone is able to "astral project" Where exactly do they end up? I realize you can focus on certain times and places to go there. But if you choose to go to what  you envision as the astral plane what would that place be in respect to our current dimension, and how is our universe structured?

Thanks for any answers you can provide. Although I am a firm believer of searching for knowledge from within only, it doesn't hurt to hear others opinions/experiences on that same journey.Oh I completely agree, whenever I watch a YouTube video and people start saying some biblical prophecy shit I just roll my eyes and question credibility...

Usually the first few minutes start reasonable and then they start getting deluded &amp; ramble about the second coming of the Lord and End Times etc. 

Quick Edit:

I'm not very religious either in terms of following X set of beliefs, I personally believe religion is a framework for control / authoritarian rule. There are some positive aspects like moral codes (not killing fellow man, not stealing, etc.) but those don't really need specific religion.

I just believe we should all strive to better our species moving forward &amp; we will find out when we die if it all turns black, or if we ascend into heaven, or wake up from a simulation as a higher dimension being. I'm pretty open to speculate and don't hold one specific belief, maybe you're correct and it does just turn black while we decompose. We don't really know until the time comes, and we can't exactly come back to tell everyone about our experience.
It doesn't even matter.  Those who abstain will die off and rest in the dirt.. man... if people even knew what was coming...  It's another reality entirely.  A new dimension. Tech dimension. But where does it fit in???  We have waking life dimension... Dream dimension... Psychedelic dimension... How can we just create a new dimension of reality??  Organic yet so artificial.  Life is trippy mayne..  

https://soundcloud.com/spacejesus/space-jesus-exclusive-grassroots-dope-hat-mix

All &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3

Please try to understand just how bizarre and unique our experience is... We are truly in the midst of something so bizarre we can hardly comprehend (elec.tech  ie electric technology).. and something so bizarre has never before touched the earthwhen everybody was using vacuum tubes at the time. transistors being expensive and fragile.

the 'Integrated Circuit' was first 'conceived' by in the early fifties, some paper written on what a good idea it would be.

so from point contact diodes in the thirties, to the first transistor in 1947 at Bell, then ICs conceived in 1952 or so.

and the very first ICs were quite simple and crude, BUT a massive step compared to Vacuum tubes or complex transistor circuits.

the first ICs were basically precision custom modules , either or for precision or repetitive circuits ie logic.

there were DTL !? logic circuits with a pin/leg pitch of .2", looking exactly like normal DIP circuits of the 80s but twice the dimension in xyz. only ever seen them once many moons ago.lawofone.info

section: harvest.

Its not a conspiracy :)

There is also scientific evidence to back it up...lots of elements here and in space that tie it together. Things ranging from Antarctica to Nibiru to major power moves recently being made by the elite. etc etc. This earth won't be inhabitable in this density/dimension in a very short period of time. ranging from 700-1000 years but it terms of history- thats not a lot of time...hard to say exactly how long we have. Our souls however, live forever and continue to grow. :)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63o9cu57QDg&amp;list=PLB6A57398C5BF4F25&gt;As a piece of the loop gets further away from the center, the energy of the center pulls the piece back to the center and then it goes to the other side and repeats. I feel like this explains our duality. In one realm/existence/reality we are "good" or "positive" but in another we care "bad" or "negative" (one side of the loop being "positive" and the other being "negative").

This reminds me of what a friend of mine would describe as URL_REPLACED

Ever notice how your life experiences sort of fluctuate between really good and really bad? When things are going well and everything's at its best, you're at the top of the curve. But without fail, something inevitably goes wrong. It could be something really damning or something minor, but you always get knocked off the crest. And when you're balls deep in the trough, eventually something goes your way and you start working your way back up.

But the sine curve is linear, and I don't think it accurately represents time as a dimension. I've never heard anyone describe this theme quite like you have, but it makes a lot of sense. Some of the so-called "demon gods" we know by name in the Bible and other ancient text have their origins off-world. When I say aliens I don't mean beings specifically limited to this dimension... as there are many dimensions from which "aliens" come. Some good, some bad.Is CERN actually opening portals to the Lower Astral Dimension? A Mock Human sacrifice was filmed in front of the huge Shiva statue. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6ieuw3OV_sMaybe it exists in a different dimension, of some sorts? That idea really reminds me of this: http://www.theeventchronicle.com/study/mysterious-sealed-door-ancient-padmanabhaswamy-temple/. Only certain humans can open the portal, based on frequency, vibration, harmony, and love in the purest form.many other people can project into these areas. heaven and hell type areas exist, but not like the propaganda that religions have told you. hell is really the lower astral dimension. it is like being in an extreme horror movie. murderers, molesters and violent people who are deceased hang out that area. they like to scare and torment those who may wander into the area. the "heaven" is the opposite, it is the high astral dimension. it is very peaceful and beautiful in appearance. but the so called angels, guides, and masters that hang out there are fakes who cannot be trusted.Yeah I can see that, I came across some stuff a while back that made me wonder. I'm a trinitarian, for me it's quite literally the only thing that makes sense, what with the hyper-dimension theory and all. Physical Reality is an illusion anyways. This so called "Living Dimension" and the "Astral Afterlife" of Death are almost the same.I was actually referencing those who believe they're manipulating points in data, the "restore" points yoko refers to, not physical points, however, CERN itself has a terrifying physical setup (but then again it's physics!) AND there are many conspiracies out there that believe there are global grids underground amplifying this to no end. I absolutely believe there's enough out there to be true—to some extent anyway. 

I think there's a lot of truth in what you both shared. To me, this is spiritual warfare and metaphysics is the key to understanding it all. I believe in aliens, but I don’t think this has anything to do with them. This is light vs dark, good vs evil, heaven vs hell—in a scientific view that takes into account more than just the physics we've limited ourselves with in this reality.
 
I'm not a religious person, though I was raised that way, but I am incredibly spiritual and I know without a shadow of a doubt that when we start to expand our mind and spirit, we push the limits of our physical existence. I believe many of us (even if you haven't realized it), possess this awareness and ability to see beyond limitations formally set, we question, we grow, we become more powerful. 

(hear me out, I'm not JUST a crazy hippie)

Ever since I started to focus on spiritual growth through meditation, yoga and various types of sound healing, and explore metaphysics and energy work (which I only did in an attempt to center myself and calm my crazy ass), my mind has grown in ways I never imagined and there's a physical change of being "lighter" (hard to describe until you experience) that's a result of changing the vibration of your being. Ascending to a higher level, if you will (I'm coming back to this!). 

Little intuitive things, like thinking about a person and having them call me five seconds later, start to happen ALL THE TIME. My dreams are changing, and while I won’t go into too much because I’m still figuring it out, it’s making me think we absolutely do get to do this all over again when we die. Abundance, creativity and opportunity flows, as long as you start to quiet your mind and listen to your true subconscious. I even now posses the physical ability to control energy flow through my body (Reiki) in very profound ways—things I would have rolled my eyes at or laughed at 5 years ago. Seriously. I was a hater. We are all connected.

While I don’t have these experiences, I have very close friends who have grown to the point they see spirits (or parallel dimensions?), have regular conversations during mediation with ascended masters and their workers and receive messages that are incredibly helpful to the people they are working with/close to. Intelligent, sane, incredibly successful individuals.    

And if the good ones exist in the light we play with, it’s easy to think there’s a dark side, yes?

Remember… Intelligent, sane, successful individuals.   

Anyway, the point of the hippie ramble is that there absolutely is a missing element to our calculations of "reality" and it's something that's easy for you to comprehend once you start breaking down those old walls. 

I was always a fan of the superstring and bosonic theories, so for me it’s easy to believe that we have way more dimensions than we know to be reality. Plus, you know, space and time. Which, in quantum physics, the continuum is not always continuous.... Time is relative. Yada, yada, yada. 

Now, with the belief in all of this behind me (which honestly all came before I heavily bought into any conspiracy), the idea of raising our collective vibrations to a higher level and “ascending” into a slightly higher parallel dimension isn’t all that crazy. Those of us who are “lightworkers” want to ascend, even if it’s not conscious, we’re driven to do so. It’s a high. I believed we were shifting in global consciousness long before I believed the Illuminati were real.

Metaphysics has all of our answers, spirituality has the control and I believe our collective conscious is keeping time. "They" know this, way better than most humans. 

The Illuminati… I don’t believe they’re from space, but I do believe that they’re a large, elite group that holds ancient knowledge, long lost to the rest of the human race. Maybe knowledge that came from space, who knows? 

But as of late, I do believe they are purely evil, with the intention of bringing back the return of the Anti-Christ (yup, never thought I would say that, do your eye roll, it’s cool—I understand). They turned this into a spiritual battle, they want to keep us down here and bring the rest of them up. 

And that’s where CERN comes in. Let’s go on and rip tiny little black holes into our dimension over and over and over again…. SHIVA is out front of the facility for god’s sake. 

I think the scientists at CERN are fucking with us, but I don’t think changes in our reality are 100% from them. I think the corporate, people and entertainment-based ones certainly are, but I think there are other shifts in our reality (like anatomy) that are from the natural global shift that was already occurring. The Mandela Effect is a distraction from the real thing. 

Anyway, I think the entire point of this post was meant to be you might enjoy looking into Carolyn Hamlett—she's an ex-Illuminati with a similar story to the ones above, though she was trained in her psychic abilities and told she was going to help spread the word of Jesus... She speaks of cloning, pedophilia, human testing, but all as she of course eventually realized, was for the return of the Anti-Christ. She somehow got out and now spends her time sharing her story. They’ve tried to kill her, but so far she’s still around:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGEYloihE9g&amp;t=509s

When you consider the bizarre, ritualistic shit happening at CERN (you all have seen the opening ceremony IN FULL of the Gotthard Tunnel, right?!):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zW5gklIKcDg&amp;t=2s

There's no doubt... One way or another, CERN knows and they’re in.

And this is all without REALLY going into Illuminati, because I feel like I don't have to do that in here. Everyone might wanna start strengthening their mind/spirit games. bruh everytime you write a post on the internet you're dropping a thought into the fourth dimension for someone in the third dimension to pull it out later. whoever and whatever has the most thoughts in the fourth dimension gets the most attention in the present three. we don't know who's dropping thoughts into this thing. how do we know we're not being led around— even if not entirely intentionally— by other people warping our sense of reality through media?From my understanding it is your individual mindset and actions that will determine which reality you move into. While we perceive 4 dimensions - 3 space and 1 time dimension, we are actually choosing our path within a higher dimensional realm of possibilities. You may find yourself choosing the path where you are more loving and of service to others, and in that reality you will find more people around you reflecting that back at you. Or you may find yourself succumbing to fear and hoarding resources for yourself at other's expense. Here you may find yourself in the apocalyptic scenario, or, more likely, an Orwellian totalitarian-like state where individual expression is nearly completely suppressed. Or, many will not make the choice and things will continue on as they have been in some reality in between the two. The key is that we all have the creative power to realize a beautiful more harmonious world! I did say unless you meant spatial dimensions. I agree time is not a good "fourth dimension". 

&gt;the spiritual world is better to use as a description

No it isn't because spirits/spirituality is not any easier to understand. A four-dimensional being is a four-dimensional being not a spirit.

I know what you were trying to get at, a 4-dimensional object can cast a shadow that is 3-dimensional the same way a 3-dimensional object can cast a shadow that is 2-dimebsional. 

&gt;Maybe demons

You lost me there. Where are all these 3-dimensional shadows? I'm not saying the fourth dimension can't exist just that it has never been observed. So how are we coming to the conclusion that demons live there?

I see a theme developing, whenever science has a theory that looks nice on paper but doesn't exist in the real world (astrology, alchemy, extra dimensions, etc.) It gets taken by religion to be used as an explanation for stuff that also doesn't exist in the real world.I am baffled by how many people in this world WANT to be in contact with aliens or beings from another dimension. How the hell would we know they come in peace? I sure as shit wouldn't want to flip that coin. I found an interview with someone called HIdden Hand on the Above Top Secrect message boards. Luciferian is a group consciousness trapped here in the 4th dimension. It needs our bodies to escape and manifest. Hence, the matrix. It's their creation but its inverted and inside out, like they are.What I see in this sub, a sub I am very fond of, looks like at least 50% of our users are operating in a separate universe or dimension.

If only they would get out and examine their own  families, social circles, churches, communities and cities with new glasses, they could refresh their visions. 

We really are targets of the wealthiest, Warren Buffet confirmed it several  years ago,  It is a class war and the billionaires are winning. I think we are about 50-100 years behind in our understanding of where technology is today.  

For example, D-Wave is something that your average citizen of both types probably understands very little about, myself included.  

CERN has many different possible functions IMO when you consider that it outputs a query into other dimensions it 'brings back' 110% of the energy it output.  That SHOULD raise some very serious questions for your person on the street...like; what is 'coming back up through other dimensions with the data' and/or what energy or physical item had to be destroyed in another dimension to bring back that extra energy.  That 10% could be data ripped from an alternate, but close timeline, that will end up destroying our planet because we don't know how these things really work when one 'plane' comes too entangled with another.  

The children of the Fallen are slight retards IMO they 'do something first' (like inventing a Nuclear Bomb) and then shrug their shoulders (no apology) after they cause massive destruction, chaos and death with it...nor do they even begin to learn or grow from that experience but continue to treat everything (the planet a FINITE object) as though it was infinite (because that is the Realm they come from).  They are planet KILLERS for sure.

Are we going to find out later that they started a war with another dimension because they reached over to encrypt the color socks Boots the Cat was wearing only to find out that an entire civilization was ripped to shreds in order to 'field' that question (at which point the will probably shrug too lolz)?  IDK...the whole thing seems like a terrible idea to me...I seriously live right smack dab in the middle of a well proven Bigfoot migration channel - in northwestern British Columbia.  The sightings in this area follow a specific pattern and several families have come forward to report years long relationships with groups of them.  I am talking about leaving food in an area kind of thing.  There is also a long history of people being scared out of the bush by angry Bigfoot, notably logging camps in the 50's where Bigfoot would make horrible screams and repeatedly bang large rocks against trees as a form of harassment.  In more modern times, there have been several very legit experiences where people fishing alone way up a river had fist sized rocks whistle past their heads as a warning.  I am talking about the middle of nowhere.  

The truth is, the reality of Bigfoot is a lot more strange than a clever hominid hiding out in the woods.  You have to look to the way 1st to 3rd contact UFO experiences have evolved over time, and understand that a lot of 'paranormal' experiences are a result of our minds attempting to decipher an experience where a rift from a higher dimension makes us experience things in a way we are capable of processing.  Yes, I am implying that Bigfoot are a naturally evolved species capable of travelling across the space-time barrier through the exploitation of retro-causality - and if this sounds exactly like the working mechanical processes via which toxo-gondii operates to control entire cultures of Human behaviours.  

There is one road in particular heading into the woods near the town of Houston, BC.  Up this road there have been a LOT of sightings that were kept quiet by the immediate community, people learned to keep their mouths shut after they were ridiculed by local press.  My own sister lived up that road, and sighted one in her back yard.  She was alone with her kids at home in a remote location and completely freaked out, the news of it got out and she immediately changed her story to agree that she had seen a black bear walking on its hind legs in order make the attention go away.  

I tracked down detailed reports of Bigfoot sightings going back to the 1920's, pairs of men that worked as surveyors would basically live off the land taking the readings and making the landmarks that you can still find sprinkled across topo maps.  These men were hardened bush men, and there were several very detailed reports of them sighting and then tracking a Bigfoot and reporting that the creature displayed extreme cunning and intelligence.  

In general, people don't give 'animals' credit for their capabilities.  When you live in an area where your very survival depends on a serious understanding of animal behaviour, you can be shocked by casual and specific abilities that a lot of species of animals display.  

The story of Albert Ostman is the most legitimate experience between us and them that has ever been detailed, and looking into the matter I have no doubts of any kind that his encounter was real to the last detail.  The behavioural traits that he detailed at length perfectly match the accounts of people who have encountered them in the area around where I live.  Which reminds of one of the handful of times I tried salvia, which I understand some have found unsettling or unpleasant. For me, it was profoundly grounding, produced a bodily sensation vaguely reminiscent of LSD, and foremost if I were to quantify it or put it into words I would say it were 'otherworldy' in the sense that I felt as though I were in the same physical location however experiencing the sensation and perception of another dimension or higher plane of existence, however fleeting and only lasting no more than five or ten minutes per trip. In one of the more profound experiences I had with salvia, I felt as though I were looking into a portal or wormhole and viewing a glimpse of another universe (reminiscent of how one would visualize multi-verse theory perhaps). My skeptical side tends to interpret these experiences as a manifestation of my own psyche and personal beliefs, brought forth by the substance's novel hallucinogenic and dissociative effects. On the other hand, that feeling was one I can't help but say I've felt before subjectively, perhaps in another life or between lives, and is something I can never forget now that I am cognizant of it.Hi. There is nothing weird about it. We have been enslaved by Alien Archons originally from another dimension. It needs to be talked about more. It is the biggest conspiracy that we all face...Read 'The Book of the Hopi" if you haven't.

All spirituality is indifferent. Christ is salvation if you are not ready to let go of this first material experience.
Learn to let go of this material existance as we are moving on to our next experience in another dimension/frequency.

That is the easiest way for me to explain.

Some have been waiting or are ready now, others need more time.

"Humanity" has a ways to go yet but in the grand scope of things, this will all be a memory.

Whoa. So true.   And what you get when you switch Peace for Fear? You get this: Fear and Love, the two opposites of this human earth-based dimension. #ChoosingLove #FuckFear I think their are "good" and "bad" aliens. The good ones are spiritually evolved much more than we are. They are in tune with the infinite fractal nature of reality. They are basically like buddhas, they have transcended time/space, they exist in the 4th dimension and beyond. Some people refer to these beings as the Pleiadians or the Nordics. The Sirians and Arcturians are supposedly benevolent ET as well. They can manipulate matter and travel through time. They are not bound by anything. 

God is within everything, humans can tap into a realize we are all god / the universe. Separation is an illusion, everything is one. I cannot prove these beings exist but i personally believe in them. I especially started believing in them after some shrooms trip in which i felt my consciousness was scratching the surface of the mental level that these beings exist on. I truly understood that everything is like nikola tesla said, "frequency, energy, and vibration". At the peak of one of my mushroom trips, i could hear a buzzing sound increasing in frequency, with an immense amount of energy surging through me, i eventually completely let go of everything and i entered the present moment. It seemed as if I had tapped into an bank of knowledge that felt extremely alien but also it also felt extremely ancient. It also became extremely clear to me that we're the opposite of alone in this universe, and that actually the universe is teeming with life. I think Humanity will eventually evolve and join an intergalactic society of beings from all over the cosmos. These are just my beliefs at the moment, I am not proposing any of this as fact.
This vid explains something I have trouble conveying that supports my beliefs.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQOyJUDTKdM&amp;index=4&amp;list=FLrSa3jrpiu4LW4SYbzTcKgw
Atlantis is in another dimension. Something like a parallel reality.. Didn't watch the vid, but have been coming to that realisation.Very strong post. Materialism is a subject that should get more exposure here. 



"The ideology of scientific materialism became dominant in academia during the 20th century. So dominant that a majority of scientists started to believe that it was based on established empirical evidence, and represented the only rational view of the world. Scientific methods based upon materialistic philosophy have been highly successful in not only increasing our understanding of nature but also in bringing greater control and freedom through advances in technology. However, the nearly absolute dominance of materialism in the academic world has seriously constricted the sciences and hampered the development of the scientific study of mind and spirituality. Faith in this ideology, as an exclusive explanatory framework for reality, has compelled scientists to neglect the subjective dimension of human experience. This has led to a severely distorted and impoverished understanding of ourselves and our place in nature."

-Dr. Gary Schwartz, "Manifesto for a Post-Materialist Science"Socks disappear into another dimension through the dryer.I think we were created. We are the product of intelligent design. A diety created us and God occupies a dimension and is existing in a way we could never understand. Some describe his 'being' as 'love', but not the love we know and understand in this realm. Decipher this for me; I beg you.

Christ is not a physical being who will return.
(Disregard the above statement. It is far too definitive regardless of what I've received from first hand sources and documents which claim Christ was either actually a physical human like, benevolent ETI who came to Earth or a man who channeled a higher consciousness. My biggest point is that humanity needs to start focusing on the Spirit of Scriptures and just get away from the man made institution of that which was never to be an institution.)
Christ returns when all of humanity unites under the principles of nature...the Light...and stops feeding these intermediary 4th Dimension forces of darkness.
The idea of "The Second Coming" as taught and currently understood is a trick to make humanity surrender its Free Will and surrender creation of their reality to a false belief intentionally created by Darkness in a twisting of the original teaching's intent and lesson.

See, this is where I think things are getting really interesting (as if it wasn't already)!

If you explore Nassim's holofractal theory -- it would seem as if "all of it" is an ever complexifying fractal pattern emanating and permutating from the source wave of all creation. This physical dimension is simply one fractal manifestation of that pattern in one of infinite forms. Like I said at the start, from his point of view, it IS a holographic projection -- but it *isn't* a prison. It's a very complex pattern experiencing itself and evolving upon itself and the fractal permuation continues, ever changing and growing in complexity, on infinite scales (small and large).

All layers of reality are composed of energy interference waves resonating at certain frequencies of this and the infinite probability wave is constantly collapsing with each individual "agent" (conscious or non conscious) manifesting a version of reality as a node in a fully holographic network.

Now he doesn't claim to be a medium or do channeling, but a lot of his journey has been based of personal intuition -- which is obviously tapping into the same thing.That's an interesting modulation. I'm not really sure what that is, but it is obviously not from nature. It seems to have an extra layer of modulation, maybe an extra dimension. The carrier frequency is at what looks like 1 pulse every 100 seconds which is ELF.....  This is what regular known modulations look like. http://global.oup.com/us/companion.websites/fdscontent/uscompanion/us/static/companion.websites/9780199922963/images/AM_FM.gifHere is a good video on the quantum nature of reality from the royal institute a very famous talk thats been given since the 1800s and Michael Faraday; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwgQVZju1ZM 

What is interesting to me in this, is that saying this stuff ten years ago would of got you laughed out of academia, that we are all connected on the smallest scales should tell you all that perhaps we do not know all the interactions of matter or shall we say information. 

Telepathy? doesn't seem so strange if we are the same thing connected at the base reality, manipulating matter? the possibilities are equally as strange if the only discernable difference between me and this table is my perception. What is distance if location is an illusion. Is it possible to recieve information from the fabric as it were, precognition? a dream? 

Science will gladly tell you the wonders of a quantum world but try to claim you are a quantum being as per their results, they might ask you to prove with observation that which cannot be!

Not to mention the wonder of science telling us that trillions of particles are passing through us right now, such a truth could really make you see that a whole other world could exist right next to us and we would never even know. A different frequency of matter a whole different dimension could exist parallel to us and we would have no idea.

I am of course skeptical of everything and 'quantum' is so overused by youtube conspiracy stars and even scientists but i think these ideas are entirely within the realm of possibility. 

I could go on a bit more about dimensional structure and hypercubes but to put it simply vibration, frequency (think of a concerto but the different instruments make their own dimension and different notes the matter in it) I've been thinking there might be something "magical" behind the ability for us to take thoughts we have (material within the source, as you say, the only that truly exists) -- and through speaking, turn it into actual physical sound waves.

Like we can take ideas from the conscious dimension and project them with actual physical presense into the material world.Not that any of this shit matters. But K'un L'un is a made-up mystical city in another world/dimension/universe parallel to Marvel's. 

Though K'un L'un's architecture and culture is obviously influenced by Asian dynasties, it is an ancient culture of alien humanoids called K'un-Lunians. So...there is no one to be offended by the cultural appropriation of a non-existent culture. It's actually probably more racist to assume the people of K'un L'un are Asian just because they have dragons and slanted eyes.

It's also later revealed that Rand comes from a long lineage of Iron Fist warriors, so the way of the fist is literally in his bloodline. You can't culturally appropriate your own culture. I could go on forever but this shit is trivial and intended to distract from the big picture here in the real world. The "BRIDGEWATER TRIANGLE" has more bizarre things connected to to it than ANYWHERE on earth. Strangely most of you have NEVER HEARD OF IT. The details will be shared later. They go on FOREVER. It is an INTERDIMENSIONAL PORTAL to the Astral Dimension. The most bizarre creatures have entered through it. In this one (of a mega large amount) of events a massive FLYING TRIANGLE enters our dimension. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRe4SqCyulcI'd link to the site, but it's hosted in another dimension so it'll just 404 :/dude how do you think terrorists who are dead can still recruit people through youtube videos? it's because the terrorist dropped a thought into the fourth dimension that is going to last as long as people choose to keep remembering it— and is going to cause damage as long as it is around. we have to be thoughtful about what we write because once it's out there, it literally affects other people's perception of reality. the tongue is a sword. There is no space it's in a laboratory in another dimensionJust a random thing: It is said in the 5th dimension, Jupiter is a Blue sun. You just mixed up two movies and still think there is anything else going on... I confidently stand by my moron accusation. I hardly know everything, but I do know that you being a moron is much more likely than dimension-hopping evidence.Im familiar with David Icke i believe.  Didnt princess di tell him like the royal family is lizard people from the lower 4th dimension &amp; people think she was killed b/c of that?  Sirius a &amp; b - one is visible with the eye one isnt &amp; the egyptians knew about the one you need a telescope to see?You are telling me to trust your word, because you said it is dumb. I can prove it to you if you are willing to do the work. You are not God, your will and word is not final. In fact I would have to guess that people like you are the type to claim they had no idea what the Nazis were burning in the camps. You are a slave. Even when you think you're a master, you're still chained to a slave. Seek true knowledge and you one day can leave the 2nd dimension. Maybe. The "Advanced Degrees" above 33 Degree are completed in the Astral Dimension. The highest adepts use "Portals" to meet directly with the "Astral Brotherhood". Freemasonry is actually an "Astral Religion" and its "Grand Architect Of The Universe" is actually the Archons https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnRYBZLA8IwOr, time travel by necessity creates divergent timelines while leaving the original one intact.  If you go back to kill Hitler, you haven't removed Hitler from the original timeline, you've removed yourself from your original timeline and are now in one where you killed Hitler.  Presumably, this means you effectively cease to exist in your original timeline and possibly exist as two versions in your new timeline.  Miltiverse and divergent timeline theories are pretty much the only explanation as to why we don't see time travelers.  Even more so, the folks most motivated to develop time travel probably have an event that they wish to change.  The version of them in the new timeline never had that motivation, meaning that the new version may never develop time travel.  *Bam* - your time traveler is now a walking paradox in a new dimension.fun math trivia: did you know if you take a sphere into higher dimensions, as dimension N goes to infinity, 99.9999...% of the surface area of the N-ball accumulates in smaller and smaller infinitesimal "corners" of the N-sphere?You assume too much.

Stop placing words in other peoples mouths and think.

If you accept the notion of extra dimensions then you can start asking the larger questions.

Such as...

What does 90 degrees from the 3rd dimension actually look like?

Through thought experiments alone you can arrive at what is almost an inward motion or arc for that representation.

Who may/may not inhabit these extra dimensions that seem to lack physical space.

Hmm? 

Another poignant question would be "What do these extra dimension dwellers consist of if there is no room for physical space?" 

I haven't asserted anything as fact.

I have only asked questions and given preliminary answers based on thought experiment and research.

I am also not asking for direct responses. 

Just for you to crunch on these sorts of thoughts for the sake of data crunching.

This was a demonstration of critical thought patterns and how one might arrive at the concept of "Extra Dimensional Beings".

One must consider all possibilities in search for reality.

Stop getting so heated and just crunch the thought patterns and then compare and contrast with what you observe in reality.

Also keep in mind that what you have observed is only a small fraction of reality so it would be best to continue critical thought and research for the sake of better comparison as you age.

There is absolutely nothing wrong with asking questions.

In fact it is the most powerful tool we have at our disposal for intellectual purposes.Hi. I have great respect for you and your work. Sadly you are very incorrect on this subject. Humans are meant to expand eternally like the Real Free Universe. Nothing is gained from Reincarnation and Memory Erase. It is a huge step backwards. The Archons are based in the Astral and the Satanic Global Elite does their bidding in this dimension. They have enslaved all of humanity. Earth is not a school it is a prison controlled by Demonic Aliens. I have seen them as have many others. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v79lVNKthCw

Of course I could be completely wrong.  And you could be stuck in a purgatory like dimension.  I suppose I will play it by ear when I get there.Courtesy of u/hillside



* 1   We begin this series of photos with the one that is surely the most impressive. It seems to have undergone a different treatment (?) than that of the next three photos. Is it a "cigar" that has been hit by a missile and is exploding at the surface of the water or a UFO that is coming out of the water and ready to fly? Note that no inscription appears on the original document in our possession.

*  2  Here are the photos that came with the letter. We present them in an arbitrary order that seemed logical, however it is maybe not the most sensible since we don't know if it the craft is flying, going out of or going into the water...It is worth mentioning that one can read in transparency on three of the photos in our possession, copies of the originals that apparently came from an American military laboratory: On the left on top: OFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPH. NOT TO BE REALEASED. CT On the right at the bottom and hardly legible, a part of it having been erased because of time: Unauthorized Disclosure Subject. Security Certificat. SSN 674. Criminal Sanction. High definition photos are available on our CDR

*  3  (Top) On this photo, we identify without a doubt a triangular-shaped UFO. It seems to be in trouble. (Bottom) If the order that we have chosen for these pictures is correct, the UFO here seems to now go sideways before plunging into the ocean...

*  4  The next five photos show an egg-shaped object of large dimension that falls into the ocean. These pictures seem to come from another laboratory, SYGMA, about which we know nothing. Do these photos present a single and same event or are we dealing with two different events?

*  5  (Top) The craft, which looks a lot like the one in the first picture, seems to be in trouble. Is it on fire? Does it come from the depths of the ocean or is it headed there? Despite the fact that its form perfectly resembles the typical "cigar" shape of UFOs, it is still impossible to distinguish more details of its structure. (Bottom) According to the letter from our "anonymous contact", the submarine was equipped with an analog camera, thus explaining the image overlay (or double exposure?) of the visible graduations (I'm assuming they're talking about the double crosshairs.)

*  6  Too beautiful to be real, this "cigar" photo? We don't know, it might be the "banana peel" that would be used to discredit the other pictures of the dossier...Who was our anonymous informer? A reader of the magazine or a source wanting to share their secret? In any event, if we haven't been able to find these photos on the internet, maybe a reader will give us some information that has evaded us...

The Aliens are actually "Interdimensional". Their UFO have the ability to go in and out of the Astral Dimension.The extra dimensions in question don't have room for physical space.

The beings that occupy these dimensions would consist of pure energy and not be bound to a timeline or physical travel constraints.

They feed off the outpouring of energy from our dimension.

Any strong frequency we emit, be it from the low or high end of the spectrum is essentially a power/food source.

Of course this is all open to interpretation but it's pretty funny how most intellectuals are arriving at the same conclusion in these regards.

Especially when you consider there are cabals all over this planet who control governments/worlds and seem to find interest in these notions and practices.

All we can do is look where the information points us.

The only cowards in this thread are the ones chastising others for daring to think outside the box.

Stop trying to sequester information and stop attacking your fellow man because you lack information and refuse to implore critical thinking.

OR do the research yourself and inform others as to why they are incorrect instead of just asserting so.

Support your statements with facts, not by appealing to logical fallacies.

I highly suggest you start your journey by looking into Sacred Geometry, gaining an understanding of the knowledge it imparts and then moving on from there.

Nothing we tell you will convince you anyways.

Do the legwork and be your own arbiter.Yep another version similar to that I've heard is that there are several dimensions. We reside on the third dimension and demons and lesser entities reside on the dimensions lower then us. 

Astral projection frees your body from the restrictions of the third dimension and you can go higher and higher (with practice) to reach higher dimensions. People see different things but a lot of people who reach the higher dimensions say they see gods and shit. Pretty interesting stuff that along with lucid dreaming.Yea Agartha is supposed to be inside the Earth - there's supposed to be entrances all over the Earth not just in Antarctica. Shambhala - they say it's in another dimension. This gets into the new age crap where they say the Earth is layered like onions - that consciousness creates layers of existence wherever it happens to reside (and that most are not as dense as the physical realm we live in.)

Some psychics/crazy people speak of these other realms. One I can think of off of the top of my head was a beloved gay man named Tory Smith - the most powerful psychic I have ever known - the things he spoke of in actual matter of fact seemed like it must be from an alternate reality . . totally adverse to any reality we know here.

Tory Smith died in July 2016 - he was murdered by directed energy beam weapons, black majick and demons.Yep I know about our 'Third Eye'
Pretty much EVERYBODYS gonna have a 'DMT Experience' once we pass and move on to the next dimension. Currently we are all in LVL 3, once we pass we move on to LVL 4. That's how I like to think of it.In some ways that could be true. If reincarnation was true then you wouldn't get to choose what dimension or life form you come back as, you're just another life. And you might be a prey animal in some other world or dimension. Or even an interdimensional traveling prey animal. 

There's also a possibility that members of secret societies are able to arrange some kind of experience like this by ritualistically sacrificing  someone and putting their life force in some kind of vulnerable state in another dimension. Naturally high ranking members of secret societies do learn astral projection so I guess those evil fucks could be waiting out there for you.

Thanks to good old DMT, I see it more like this. Those evil secret society fucks that eat us are here, in this dimension. They do not get to do their evil fuckishness in the void, in the spiritual realms, nor on every infinite plane in the multiverse. They found a way to take over here and I feel like death will be the only way I will finally be free of them. Sweet reliefI agree that our beliefs are different and honestly I don't want to persuade you to my way of thinking. Because I know I cannot. Instead, I do think we can have a mutual discussion of our different beliefs in order to propel our own unique knowledge. Would you like to discuss further?

All I can say is I've had personal experiences that have led me to the place I am today. I'd prefer not to go into detail so publicly as they are *personal* but there you have it.

Now, regarding the spectrums of energy we don't understand. I am referring to the possibility that the universe is made up of vibration so to speak. What is also known as the holographic universe theory. You can check it out here.

https://phys.org/news/2017-01-reveals-substantial-evidence-holographic-universe.html

I think that the supernatural could eventually be explained as interference from other dimensions in a holographic universe. A manifestation of a higher dimensional being in our lower, third dimension. 

Here's a great summary from /r/holofractal 

URL_REPLACEDThis is what I've been working on. There's many accounts and hypothesis that argue we were interbred with ancient annunaki to use us as slave labor.

While this is bleak, it's important to remember that our bodies are merely physical vessels for our souls in this dimension. Our essence, light, soul, divine spark, whatever you want to call it, can occupy other physical vessels (and probably has in one lifetime or another)

It seems humans were bred with the intention of natural extraction of resources millennia ago but we still have that connection to divine source.

I need to do more research on this but this is where many arrows are pointing.Haven't read Cayce in a long time, thanks for the reminder:

"(. . .) The earth is conceived of as the third dimension and as a sort of laboratory for the entire system, because only here is free will so dominant. On the other planes, more control is kept over the soul to see that it learns the proper lessons. According to the Cayce readings, whatever is learned by the soul must be built into the life upon the physical plane, for soul growth must be made while on the earth plane through effort and applied will.

According to Cayce, the innumerable arrangements of stars and planets represent soul patterns, and the signs of the Zodiac are twelve fundamental patterns from which the soul chooses when coming into the earth plane for a new incarnation. They are patterns of temperament, personality, and mental attunement; and the phsyical body is considered to be an objectification of the soul pattern, a reflection of "the individuality of the soul."

http://www.astrodreamadvisor.com/Edgar_Cayce_Astrology_Soul.html

edit: I believe (*now*) there probably are soulless beings among us; for sure, many of the ruling elites are "empty".It also lightens almost any situation, depending on your definition of 'humor.'

POTUS giving a big, important speech on [topic?] Imagine how hard those creatures are laughing as they slowly ear-fuck him on live TV. Only they see it. We just stare on like cows, getting alien weiner in our nasal passages then, like magic, we have a cold.

When you're from another dimension... **everything's** an 'inside joke.'Myself and others have seen the Astral Reptilians up close. They are huge. They also have the ability to enter our dimension for brief periods of time. This is real and is actually happening...This and what OP eludes to is reminiscent of the URL_REPLACED from the 99 degree Egyptian Rite, or Rite of Memphis-Misraim, itself having as much Rosicrucian as Kemetic / Egyptian origin. Funny how these subjects tend to come full circle, isn't it?

&gt; Illuminati section
&gt; 
&gt; Tenth Temple Degree (Magus, later "Ipisissimus", currently "Illuminatus Minor")
&gt; To learn to walk on the path of the Masters. Introduction to the religious doctrines which the Masters gave birth to and understanding the beliefs that have been available to us for centuries and how humanity is evolving towards a Universal Religion and the student part on it.
&gt; 
&gt; Subjects:
&gt; 
&gt; * Introduction to Zoroastrism
&gt; * The Tibet
&gt; * Ancient Mystery Schools of Atlantis, Egypt and Essenes
&gt; * Introducing Master Moria-El
&gt; * The RigVeda
&gt; * The Great White Brotherhood* Exercises of Materialization
&gt; * Telepathy
&gt; * Psychic Projection (advanced)
&gt; * The esoteric concept of Sin
&gt; * Reincarnation
&gt; * The psychic senses
&gt; * The ritual magic
&gt; * Astrology
&gt; * The human Aura
&gt; * The Pineal Gland and the 4th dimension
&gt; * The nature of the electrons of spirit
&gt; * Sufi mysticism
&gt; * Psychic Harmonization
&gt; 
&gt; Eleventh Temple Degree (Illuminati, currently "Illuminatus Major")
&gt; 
&gt; To learn the student’s journey through the great traditions those have marked the spiritual history of humanity. This journey began in Atlantis and completed this phase through the Martinist movement in France in the 19th Century. It is also the threshold for admission to the Ordo Summun Bonum (the Order of Highest Good). Subjects:
&gt; 
&gt; * The heritage of CRC
&gt; * The Khunrah method
&gt; * The Dark Night of the soul
&gt; * The Gateway Keeper
&gt; * The Regeneration
&gt; * The Invisible Fraternity
&gt; * The Rosicrucian Inner Circle
&gt; * The Holy Spirit* The Mystical Egypt
&gt; * The Cosmic Harmonization
&gt; * The Cosmic Consciousness
&gt; * Development of the Third Eye* The signs of the psychic development
&gt; * Mantras
&gt; * The effects of the Cosmic Consciousness
&gt; * The Cloak of Invisibility (advanced)
&gt; * Esoteric foundation of the religions
&gt; * Esoteric teachings of Jesus
&gt; * The Christus* Programming the next incarnation
&gt; * Esoteric formulae
&gt; * Using the Water
&gt; * The “Lost Word”
&gt; * Contacting the Invisible Masters
&gt; * The Rosicrucian Hierarchy
&gt; 
&gt; Twelfth Temple Degree (Illuminati, later "Esoteric Hierarchy", currently "Illuminatus Exemptus")
&gt; 
&gt; Those who have attained the Esoteric Hierarchy become, in fact, intermediaries between the Cosmic and the Imperator (…) placed in a position to periodically commune with the Cosmic and receives inspiration and illumination which one should pass to the Imperator for what he may make of the knowledge of the Order.
&gt; 
&gt; To learn how to contact the sacred Esoteric Hierarchy to serve the Order as described above. Also to learn how to develop the Body of Light to be used to attain high states of divine communion.
&gt; 
&gt; Subjects:
&gt; 
&gt; * Christian Rosenkreuz and the Rosicrucian teachings
&gt; * Contact with the Masters (El Morya, Danius, Saint Germain)
&gt; * Esoteric Hierarchy
&gt; * Celestial Hierarchy
&gt; * Mystical Silence
&gt; * Cosmic Consciousness* The fundamental note or vibration tone
&gt; * Cosmic Harmonization techniques
&gt; * Planetary influences (Moon cycles, Sun cycles and the planets)
&gt; * The Cosmic counter part
&gt; * The Vibration spectrum
&gt; * Rosicrucian Ethics
&gt; * Alchemy of Water (Cagliostro)
&gt; * Benefits of the Cosmic Harmonization (regeneration)
&gt; * Master’s chambers
&gt; * Alchemy of Fire
&gt; * Cosmic Harmonization techniques
&gt; * Astral projection
&gt; * Principles of Cosmic Harmonization
&gt; * Psychic currents
&gt; * Assumption technique and its applications (distance healing)
&gt; * Rosicrucian Manuscripts (Michael Maier and the Libber H)
&gt; * Esoteric Principles
&gt; * The Dark Night of the Soul and the Golden Dawn
&gt; * Astrology* External influences
&gt; * Procedure to recall past life experiences
&gt; * Development of the Inner Voice
&gt; * The Rosicrucian Method
&gt; * Using the Cosmic Forces
&gt; * The mystic life of Harvey Spencer Lewis
&gt; * The Templars
&gt; * Cagliostro and the Rose Cross
&gt; * Developing the Body of Light (New)

While seemingly profound, there are certain orders with more useful and practical information than this, a handful of which I've posted material from in other portions of this thread.Technically, due to the scientific theory of dimensions, the earth is both flat and spherical. We exist in the 3ed dimension and therefor perceive it as a 3 dimensional object. If we were 2 dimensional beings, it would be flat.Everything is a wave. The universe is filled with propagating energy. Every part of space is connected through a higher scalar dimension. Waves are cyclical, based on the circle or sphere which is fundamentally "creation" or "God". 

Glad to see this kind of stuff gaining traction. Electricity is the most common thing we see in every day life that exemplifies this phenomenon. Einstein was wrong. I believe this handing back from the future is part of human and probably other living things survival kit. While it may seem that most of what we know and learn is from what  we see and hear, it is probably mostly from thought and while there is no access to thoughts created to the future in the one dimension we function in,
here is an example of how a future thought can be handed back and explains how most cultures, honored elders. 

Since we have always, and some still can and do,  been able to communicate this way, via our thoughts,  An elder can communicate even to young children specific knowledge sets, that doesn't at first seem like from future, back, but since this kind of knowledge will affect the child as an adult it will affect the future because it enlarges and accelerates the child's knowledge and skills. 
Gifted learners are tuned in learners. 

Much of this ability is and has been for centuries, deliberately limited via violence that originates with harsh child rearing techniques because it renders brain pathway damage sufficient to create easily manipulated and controlled populations. 
 Hi. i agree. maybe humans from another dimension THE FUTUREInteracting with animals &amp; entities, seeing spirits, feeling spirits. Healing my body, healing others, dramatically increased eye sight, and coordination. Mental focus and alertness, no need to eat or sleep, water is really good. Being able to endure very hot/cold temperatures. 

When I came to all of the things described above, I was in a certain state, where I guess could be described as an alternate dimension/reality. I could see intense vibrations surrounding certain objects, each emitting specific pattern. I had a "stroke", or a long ass "seizure" or a "heart attack" for about 5 minutes, except I told myself to accept the energy that is coming, and that I am not going to die. The sensations overcoming my body were indescribable,  I felt every single nerve in my body functioning at once, including the ones in my brain. All anxiety, fear and negative emotions left, and I was left with an influx of something I can only describe as love shooting through every single nerve.

I thought, surely, this could not be. If what I think happened, just happened, then surely I must be able to do some cool things.. I meditated for 2 hours, trying to "speak" with anything around after finding out some things on the subject. 

I hear a voice. I think to myself, it's in my head. 

It says to look out the window, I go look. Nothing.

It says to go look out the other window in the room. Nothing.

It says come back to the first window. A fox is staring directly at me through my 3rd story window from 200 yards away. We spoke, I asked him to prove to me that he is listening to me. He does, multiple times, through his "cry", and through specific movements I ask him to do.

I also asked him to reveal himself the next morning so that I would be sure I was not dreaming. He did. 

I can do as I please, as it is just a matter of altering my state. Altering your state is very excruciating, I only heal myself and those around me without their knowledge as that is all I can bare to do at the moment, as I am training to master this flow/energy or whatever it is. You have to heal yourself pretty much everyday, and it takes a lot of time. It is very tedious, but feels quite great once you get the hang of it.A simulation of creation yes. We are all fragments of God, experiencing himself in multiple ways with the end goal of self awareness of unity and oneness of who we are.

Thus, we are creators, because we are God, and so we can create this reality through universal laws such as free will and the law of attraction. Things take longer to manifest and move on this heavy plane of illusion aka the third dimension but it is not a empty void computer game, it is a living, vibrant, natural creation that encompasses the all that is and makes up God, the creator, and all of creation. So we aren't even allowed to look into the possibility of there being a rise in rapes because of immigrants in Sweden? It is "racist" to look into it? These moderators, certain politicians, and the media would actually prefer for women to be raped than to "inconvenience" the migrant group by looking into these allegations. It's like we're in an alternate dimension - liberals standing against women's rights. tim can be considered a fourth dimension, but not a spatial one (though you can represent it spatially)You don't experience the phenomenon of consciousness?

No explanation in the physical realm will give us answers about the immaterial.  Consciousness doesn't exist in a singular location.  It doesn't exist anywhere in the spatial or time coordinates.  What's my evidence for this?  I don't have scientific evidence.  I have experience and knowledge of what the scientific paradigm lacks.

What we perceive through consciousness is the singular; almost like the universe tearing a whole in its fabric and exposing self-reflective centers of being somewhere in the near domain of our body.  It's funny that we think the brain generates consciousness.  It certainly is a control center for something, but the reason we think our consciousness is in our head is that our eyes are positioned there.  If our eyes were on our left and right hand, where would you "feel" consciousness' center?  A more sane ocular example is say, a single eye where our belly buttons are.  That perception, this self reflection is the phenomenon that can't be described physically, especially not be science...

Science's current paradigm of reductionism will never yield answers in the realm of these "inter dimensions".

As for evidence that this dimension is manipulable by evil forces?  Look no further than mind hacking propaganda and ignoble lies sold as truth.  Our consciousness is literally attacked with inter-dimensional mind virus' such as these on a daily basis.  Through education, entertainment, TV, social / herd behavior, a lot of the internet (social media,) these *virtual* channels exist which manage to access what is physically inaccessible.
I wonder why he deleted it. Kinda strange.

From what I understand about Ra now, a short explanation of what the story is would be that he's a channeled 7th dimension entity

I think it was this:

http://www.lawofone.info/

He also mentioned this:

http://www.llresearch.org/origins/brown_notebook/brown_notebook_1960.aspxIn my opinion after we all die no matter what religion you believe in whether you believe in one or not, our conscience ascends to next plain, the 4th dimension.All of these young people are texting eachother and surfing the web on their smart phones. They're not looking up. *None of them are looking up*! the only people looking up are the astronomers and their not telling us what is actually going on!

        Why are all these bankers dying? What is going on? 

Planet X. Nibiru. That's what is causing all of this. It's inhabited and they were kicked off the earth 2000 years ago. The hidden regime kicked them off saying "That's it"! The one thing that jesus said that was really big, i'm not sure how big people think it is, but he said, "to worship God you don't have to kill anything anymore you jsut have to worship and be spiritual". But the people of Nibiru pretended to be God's and people didn't know that they weren't. They were instilling fear. so of course you had to sacrifice an animal before you could approach God. That's what all of these people in power are doing. Trying to hold off the change in dimensions by creating fear  and anger and these kinds of influences. 

This will be the first time in the history of the whole universe that an entire planet has graduated to the fourth dimension. WITH LIFE ON IT.

There is no definitive proof for dimension hopping. Even all the incidental "proof" is easily explained when you consider the situation objectively
Consider: is it more likely that the Berenstain bears actually changed from Berenstein, or that the book series really didn't  have that huge of a role in most people's lives so they assume it followed a more common spelling convention when looking in retrospecr?Nope. It's a non-material spirit from a higher dimension. 

Feel better!just to add: one thing I find interesting about Nassim's holofractal theory --

I think there is some serious merit to us being here in a REAL, physical dimension, figuring out how some of this stuff might work in this "simulation".

Yea, it might be fairly superficial and purely related to *our* dimension, and unrelated to our growth as a spiritual entity, but am I wrong in my thought that we are unique among our place due to our physical manifestation of reality? I think this only exists in our specific frequency. Or is that just a symptom of the "prison?"

Oh, also -- are the sons of belial related to the cult of saturn or the lucifer soul consciousness in some way?Was wondering through B&amp;N sometime in 2000 and happened to find a copy of "Children of the Matrix". Was just beginning to open my eyes to conspiracy stuff (thanks to the "Mage Ascension" rule book). Had no idea who he was or anything about him, but started reading and couldn't put it down. I've tried reading his other stuff, but it all seems very similar and repetitive. He's pretty spot on with the stuff about the "third dimension" (us), but I can't say that I believe all of his stuff about the other dimensional alien lizards, but he makes a strong case.Please enlighten me of what agencies are waging the spiritual war? From whatever dimension...This answer makes NO sense lol - a 'plane' is an object that has no depth.  Even if the earth was 'flat' it would still have depth.  Hell, even if the earth had no depth; you, buildings and trees and grass are still protruding out of it in a third dimension.

And i have more respect for a creator who designs spherical planets that use centripetal forces/rotational forces to revolve around each other; as a opposed to just a disk floating in space5)At the end of that 15 days of meeting person after person telling me the same story of seeing humans become reptiles, I was sitting in the speakers' room at a Whole Life Expo event in Minneapolis where I was appearing and was chatting about these experiences when a gifted psychic lady said that she knew what I was talking about, because she could see the reptiles inside and around the bodies of leading world politicians, and the business, banking and military 61ite.This was possible because, as someone wh o had accessed her psychic sight, she could see beyond the physical and into the lower fourth dimension where these reptilians reside. What did Miguel De La Madrid say to Cathy O'Brien? The reptile-human bloodlines could fluctuate between a human and iguana appearance through chameleon-like abilities .- "a perfect vehicle for transforming into world: leaders' . This psychic lady said that most of the people in positions of power appeared to be reptiles, but there were other s who were still human and these people, she said, were "overshadowed and controlled" by a reptile, but they weren't actually reptiles. We would call this being possessed. This is an important distinction. There are the 'full-bloods' who are reptilians using an apparent human form to hide their true nature, and the 'hybrids', the reptile-human crossbreed bloodlines, who,are possessed by the reptilians from the fourth dimension. A third type are the reptilians who directly man ifest in this dimension, but can't hold that state indefinitely. Some of the 'Men in Black' are examples of this. Many of the possessed people will have no idea that this is so, but their thoughts are the reptilians' thoughts and they act in ways that, advance the Agenda without realizing the background to how and, why they are being used. Leading Brotherhood families like the Rothschilds and the Windsors are full-bloods reptilians wearing human physical bodies like an overcoat in the full knowledge of who they are and the Agenda they are  seeking to implement. Another comment the psychic lady made was that in her altered state of consciousness, Hillary Clinton appeared as a reptile, while her husband, Bill Clinton the US President, was only overshadowed, and controlled by one. This is interesting because my own research, and: that of others, has revealed Hillary Clinton to be much higher in, the hierarchy than Bill, who, while of a crossbreed bloodline, is a pawn in the game, to be used and discarded as necessary, I t is not always that the most powerful people are placed in what appears to be the most powerful jobs. Often they are not. They are the string-pullers of those who appear to have the power.They are in a different dimension. I'm not sure how I came across one, tbh. I have a pretty interesting bloodline, though (when I mention it - I get downvoted - it's Slavic). I've always been "different". One contacted me, not sure if good or bad, but left me with something (knowledge and something else). She was an old being. Told me things. This sounds crazy, but I'm being honest. I've nearly died 3 times in my life. I'm protected.  What that means? No idea... Not true. The further I study law of one the further I realize how much powerful information is in it.

You can believe the new world order conspiracy just as I used to but the more you awaken to the light the more you realize they will never win with their dark plans. 

Earth is part of a cosmic play and it is beatiful and dark at the same time because it is what this third dimension entails. Good bad light dark. It helps us strive back towards the light.

Much love to you friend. I love law of one and fuck the new world order they lost already and will never get their dark ways.

It's a new era of light. A new golden age. 

Much love and light to youCredit to u/Loud_Volume
Archons are hidden negative controllers of humankind, inorganic interdimensional entities that must now be exposed and exorcised from the individual human mind, from our human species, and from the planet as a whole as part of our collective evolution to a new state of consciousness and being.

(http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/vida_alien/alien_archons16.htm)

The reason you hear people or David Icke refer to "ruling family bloodlines" is because humanity is controlled by 13 bloodlines.

These bloodlines hold the genetic DNA blueprint required for these archons to survive on. Devoid of empathy, love, positivity, these beings are the literal reincarnational opposite of what human beings truly are.

Our reality has been hijacked, our emotions manipulated, our culture destroyed, divided, attacked.

We are not a hateful species. We do not truly resonate at a level of negativity, anger, fear, hatred, but by control through financial institutions, pharmaceutical companies, military, entertainment, food, media, EVERYTHING. We have been controlled and put into a state of constant fear, worry, anxiety, the exact opposite of what we are as humans.

The archons feed off negativity and the fear vibrations of human beings that are constantly induced in those states because of the lifestyle that has been constructed for us to control us as modern day slaves.

"Although archons do exist physically, the real danger they pose to humanity is not invasion of the planet but invasion of the mind."

"The archons are intrapsychic mind-parasites who access human consciousness through telepathy and simulation. They infect our imagination and use the power of make-believe for deception and confusion."

I hope I am tying this together well enough. With 13 ruling bloodlines, with the genetic DNA blueprint required for these entities to continue living through us contained in those 13 bloodlines.

By control of all major institutions required to live on this earth we are basically forced into their system of control.

By being subjugated to that voluntary control that appears as reality but is really controlling us they manage to keep humanity in a low state of vibrational being. 

This has been done for eons. Everything dark in the world is related to this archons. Pedophile networks are tied to these negative beings that use the fear, depravity, and lack of light as a means to sustain itself.

Archons have become so disconnected from light, so disconnected from God source, they require the exact opposite of what God source is to survive because it is the polar opposite of what the creator is.

There is a massive silver lining to all of this. 

The time we are going through now is the shift of ages. Mankind has finally broken through all systems of control and is awakening once again to global cosmic consciousness and self awareness.

This has been a long time in the making and the archons, the evil illuminati bloodlines that have controlled civilization in front of our own eyes, is finally crumbling.

Their power structure is DONE. Mankind is undergoing the expansion of consciousness and self realization of God source.

No longer will be accept being controlled. We have been physically, mentally, and spiritually controlled but we have defied it all and reopened up ourselves up to the true light of divine essence.

I hope to open a meaningful discussion on this topic and would rather avoid conflict with one another. We have been divided enough, it's time we discuss these issues of control that have plagued humanity for a long ass time.

We are all one, we are moving forward, and our time for global spiritual awakening is now 

Being aware of archontic influence can help you avoid negative situations
https://www.google.com/amp/s/sacredascensionmerkaba.com/2013/08/31/being-aware-of-archon-influence-can-help-you-get-out-of-sticky-situations/amp/?client=safari

From the article:

It’s no secret anymore that there are actually negative forces called archons/reptilians that are vibrating at lower frequencies, that thrive on negative, destructive energies. In order to exist they manipulate humans (because humans are highly emotional beings) to exhibit NEGATIVE LOW VIBRATING emotions. By creating various events in our daily lives to force us into dropping our guard (lowering our vibration) by orchestrating various events to throw us off balance. That is why you constantly are reading everywhere about the importance of RAISING YOUR VIBRATIONS. The reason? Its simple, as soon as our vibration goes up (we begin to feel calm, peace, joy, excitement, love, light, etc) these beings can no longer survive in our energy field.

Therefore, the solution is simple, to always keep your vibrations high, BUT it doesn’t seem to be quite possible to do so at all times. However, it is incredibly important for all of us to try and do so at this time, because our bodies ARE changing, because we ARE moving into another dimension, and archons wishing to survive are trying to keep humanity locked in the fear, anger, frustration mode at all costs in order to keep themselves alive. The beauty of all of this is, that YOU CAN change your vibration at any given moment in time.

http://gnosis.org/welcome.html is a great place to begin on your journey of truth.  hmmm....I am not familiar with what you're talking about. Haven't seen any "Lucis Trust" mentioned anywhere.

With that said, I don't buy into all the *entering a new dimension* type shit. If that's what you're referring to.Democracy must be spread into the second dimension!NOPE! In this density/dimension/existence your biological computer/body is designed to last with nutrients. As the article states, they survived on a vegetable broth (FUCKING NUTRIENTS OF COURSE). What is causing this ascension?  If the 4th is time then what is the 5th dimension?Do you mean this one?
https://www.amazon.com/Ancient-Secret-Flower-Life-Vol/dp/1891824171

I haven't read too much into the 5th dimension yet. I have used psychadelics some years ago, but I don't recall ever meeting any trans-dimensional beings. Instead I think psychadelics open up our perception a little bit and help us experience the connectivity and fluidity of the universe.

Now, I have heard a little about DMT but have never personally tried it. I have heard of people meeting spirits of plants and of nature. I am not dismissing the existence of transdimensional beings but I just don't have enough information or evidence to form a concrete opinion yet.

That article Opti and I looks interesting. It reads a little.. schizophrenic? I'll take a scan, but I'm skeptical of his authenticity.&gt;For months, pundits ruled out any possibility that the billionaire real estate mogul could actually pull it off. In June, the Washington Post’s Greg Sargent called it “a fantasy.” In July, Moody’s Analytics suggested that the electoral outcome was a done deal—Clinton would win easily. In August, one of The POLITICO Caucus’s GOP insiders declared that for Trump to win, “it would take video evidence of a smiling Hillary drowning a litter of puppies while terrorists surrounded her with chants of ‘Death to America.’” In September, on With All Due Respect, 2008 Obama campaign manager David Plouffe broke down why he believed Hillary Clinton had a 100 percent chance of winning. In October, the editor-in-chief of GQ, Jim Nelson, penned an essay titled, “Let's Face It, Donald Trump Is About to Lose.” And the day before the election, Larry Sabato’s Crystal Ball prophesied 322 electoral votes for Clinton and 216 for Trump.

&gt;For a time, it was almost laughable how uncompetitive the race seemed to be. In an October episode of Saturday Night Live, Cecily Strong (playing Martha Raddatz) introduced Alec Baldwin and Kate McKinnon (as Trump and Clinton) to the stage, announcing to the audience, “Please help us welcome the candidates, Republican nominee Donald Trump and—can we say this yet?—President Hillary Clinton,” to a burst of cheers and laughter. And President Barack Obama on Jimmy Kimmel’s late-night show—after reading a tweet from Trump that stated, “President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!”—confidently joked, “At least I will go down as president.”

&gt;Even Trump has admitted that, on the morning of November 8, he didn’t think he was going to win.

&gt;But it wasn’t just the pundits, the politicians, the comedians and Trump who got it so incredibly wrong. The professional pollsters who devised meticulous methodologies for forecasting election results were also caught with egg on their faces. The Princeton Election Consortium gave Clinton a 99 percent chance of winning. The Huffington Post’s forecast gave Clinton 98 percent, PredictWise gave her 89 percent, and the New York Times’s The Upshot gave her 85 percent. Even FiveThirtyEight, which was the most bullish on Trump, gave Clinton over a 71 percent chance of winning.

&gt;All of this, of course, gave us the most shocking election night in recent memory.

Are you living in an alternative universe?   A different dimension?Despite NASA's denial and its refusal to release more than a smidgen of data returned by various spacecraft, scrutiny of material that is available reveals abundant evidence of human and other life forms on planets Mars &amp; Venus.

 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3ob.jpg Spirit PanCam Sol 1359.

&gt;A carved bust photographed in Gusev Crater on Mars by NASA's Spirit Rover in 2008 shows a robed figure wearing a crown, that he could pass for a modern man turns Charles Darwin's URL_REPLACED on its head, as well it refutes Adam and Eve and the notion men evolved from Ethiopian ape brutes.

 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/b7g.png Martian Salamander Curiosity Sol 1640.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/c00.jpg Metal Flange With Bolt Holes, Opportunity Sol 4689.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nn.jpg Forged Steel Spear Point, Opportunity Sol 3756.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nf.jpg Martian Fox, Opportunity Sol 985.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nh.jpg Live Martian 1, Curiosity Sol 127.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nj.jpg Live Martian 2 &amp; Stone Face. Curiosity Sol 300.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nk.jpg Live Martian 3 Opportunity Sol 1682 Part 1 .. Part 2.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3no.jpg Petrified Human Hand &amp; Foot, Curiosity Sol 608.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nl.jpg Dead Martian 1, Opportunity Sol 4183.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nm.jpg Dead Martian 2, Opportunity Sol 4182.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3oo.jpg Dead Martians 3 &amp; 4 Opportunity Sol 4182.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nw.jpg Martian Whale 1, Curiosity Sol 1276.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nx.jpg Martian Whale 2 &amp; Crocodile Skull, Curiosity Sol 1281.

&gt;Curiosity Rover landed in Gale Crater which is three miles deep and one hundred mi across, which means the impact that formed the crater displaced some 7,500 cubic miles of volcanic ash, to reveal an ancient surface that is in large part intact!

&gt;The ash blanket that covers much of Mars' surface came from successive eruptions of volcanoes on the Tharsis Shield, which are said to have occurred between "3.7 billion and 500 million yrs ago." Wiki.

 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/uj9.jpg Stone Platform, Curiosity Sol 529.

&gt;The classical civilization that produced the statues and built the stone platforms predated the Tharsis eruptions, which enlarges the evolutionary time frame out of sight, as well it adds the dimension of space travel.

 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3ok.jpg Skulls on Planet Venus 1.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3om.png Skulls on Planet Venus 2.

&gt;Data returned by the Soviet Venera program that went from 1961 to 1984 which has similarly been kept under wraps, proves there were humans on planet Venus. Edit.I like your analogy. Yes. But God is in everything. God is the word. God is information. Thought. Consciousness. Absence of duality. Oneness. He works through the laws we see in calculus and physics. God is outside of this dimension. He is timeless. We are "built in his image" because we are "Him" but we are living in this three dimensional world bounded by time. 

There are many things in this world that we can't explain. Tptb are obviously heavily into the occult, so it's not hard to believe that "religion" itself was a psy op to control the minds. Good postGod put us here to do what he can't. Breed. Each time you had sex you create another humans. Another God. Even if you use protection or masterbaute. You create life. If not this reality than another. Anything you think you create. That is why Jesus warned you about committing sin in your heart is the same as actually doing it. You're God. you're incapable of lying. You can be tricked but not killed. Not even hurt. Your mind which is cursed with mathematics makes it real. Every book, movie, song, picture is another dimension where everything you think is fake actually happened. Because you are God all knowledge is available to you. Because this false universe is ruled by science you will see into these realities as a video game or a tv show. When you learn magic you can visit these universes. We fight and kill because we are made in god's image and he kills he loves war he is jealous therefore you are too. But he did not create your spirit. He stole a piece of God to make you. A microscopic piece but powerful enough to destroy this universe. You can't kill a God but you can make him believe he can die. And he will. He will be reborn over and over. Learning new things. Making new god's. That is the cycle I will break. Not try but I will. Because I am. Oh, okay. Gotcha. Nah, I don't mind answering at all. I actually don't really appreciate when people turn down 'personal' questions because, it's like, what do you have to hide other than maybe certain triggers? 

I've spent most of my time studying consciousness and that which we are on the inside, rather than spending my time gathering knowledge on information *outside* of myself. I can't actually say this was a conscious decision, but really more so that I was depressed and needed to fix my state of being before I did anything else.

So, I'm not hugely experienced in the talk you're talking, but I have listened to probably 20 hours worth of Max Spiers talks and have read a few documents here and there.

Here's my philosophy on this sort of stuff. I think there's a lot of insane shit in the world. Much deeper, much darker than we can imagine. 'The truth always goes deeper' is a very fitting saying when applied to the rabbit hole of external truth. The process is seemingly endless when searching for "what is really happening out there in the world." 

Beyond that, even when someone does have a trippy experience like meeting with archons in a higher dimension, or being abducted by ETs, or having what seems to be an informative lucid dream about reality, there's no way for others to be 100% certain. If half of the human population had trippy experiences which pointed them towards a certain ineffable truth, yet 50% of us hadn't the trippy experience but we're inclined to believe the others, would that *really* make sense? No. At the end of the game, each person will have their own, unique interpretation of the game, itself, and there is no factual way that you and I can ever absolutely agree on anything, ever. Thus, I've now consciously shifted my attention towards what goes on within my own state of being. That's the most intimate game I'll ever know, so I want to dominate that one first, before I move onto understanding other games.

I say all that to prove that, even if I had a vivid experience with negative entities, there is nothing I could say that would be provable. I could reiterate certain details through others' stories I've heard and add my own personal touch. Or I could be speaking from truth, from heart. But there's no way for *you* to know. And I cannot logically conclude that the infinitely brilliant universe would be okay with any one of its parts concluding that one of its most fundamental pillars of its belief system (because if you fundamentally believed my experience with negative entities was true, it would massively impact your overall thought system) exists through the belief in a story I have no personal proof of. It's the same as being raised religious...eventually, any intellectual reaches an age where he or she questions why 'we all' believe in God X or Z. '...but how can we *really* believe in this?' There has to be something else to this life. I just don't think it's ultimately that worth it to base life-altering-beliefs in something outside of what you can fundamentally prove, you know what I mean?

All of that said, I do believe in higher dimensions, lower dimensions. I do think higher dimensions are significantly aware of what's going on here, and I do think there has been inter-dimensional travel before. I think some people carry higher frequency than others, and those frequencies can be tracked, monitored. I do think unseeable entities exist that are attracted to negativity, which is just a form of energy, and feed off of fear, thus perpetuating itself. I speak from the perspective of someone who had grown to believe anxiety was equivalent to peace. I hadn't consciously observed how much fear lived through me. I literally became fear manifested. So, it all seems decently logical to me, man. Hope at least some of this was worth reading for you haha.
&gt; Do you do the Shih Shui training by chance?

No, my practices have been mostly Dan tien based cultivation (awareness, heart, belly) along with specific pranayama, bandhas, and general Tai Chi cultivation.

Some of the supernatural stuff is birds landing on my shoulder, animals coming from out of nowhere to sit at my feet (one time with a friend who was on his porch, he witnessed a white dog and cat come and lay at my feet, I had my eyes closed so did't see them until I opened them and spotted them there), began to freely OBE and see other realms/beings/dimension, I've had a bright shining light manifest several times in the MDT which then floods my whole being and let me see through walls, skin, ground, everything became basically X-Ray vision via the light, and many others as well&gt;Yes. The father clearly understands that the child is documenting the differences of the mandella effect in his journal. Thats called 'ommitance', to the 'facts'.

The father barely understands the Mandela effect, how do you think he understands how the weight of an electron would be tied to what universe formation we are in right now? Do you think he understands that tuning meta-parameters is equivalent to switching universes in a higher dimension? Do you think he understands the flatness problem and how this is relevant to our self-regulating universe? The father doesn't even understand his comparison of infinities, let alone what the kid is really trying to explain. 

&gt;You just said you agree with everything I admissed but want to argue what 'is or, is not' abuse in this admission. 

Yeah I'm arguing because you're painting ignorant parents who clearly don't know what they're doing as nefarious, scheming devils planting false ideas in the mind of a child while somehow acting exactly as a person who doesn't understand what they are witnessing would. 

These parents don't understand a damn thing their kid is saying, hence they go "Geeze maybe someone on the Internet would know about this" and post it on Youtube, and instead your magical theory is they invented all these theories, planted them in his mind and made him repeat them, and somehow play dumb about the whole thing?

&gt;Leading your child as an adult into assessing a paralleled universe exists is factually abusive and aiding it is contributing. Hence 'accomplice'-

Parallel universes exist, many-worlds interpretation is clearly the right one. Am I being factually abusive? Is my **opinion dangerous**? Go censor someone else. 

&gt;Your ability to process this much thought into an argument makes me truly question why you are arguing these practical points as a whole?

Because you've got some screws loose and think that even the most trivial thing is a nefarious conspiracy. Fuck, I thought I was paranoid. 

&gt;Furthermore monetizing the channel shows the 'intent' of the manipulation-

Monetization is as easy as clicking a button. It gives you free money for no work. Why say no to **free money**? 

You're the looney one here....  Do you think the demonic relm is linked to an extra dimensional artificial intelligence?

There's lots of talk about the universe being a computer simulation. Computers are 100% logical devices or else they're faulty. Maybe our conciousness / freewill is the entropy (randomness) in what is a completely deterministic universe? 

Everyone comes from love/light (another dimension) which is your conciousness and the experiment / soul learning experience is to bring this universes beings towards love/light which creates your own individuality by learning why you choose love. 

An artificial super intelligence was either created or found in this universe. It is the complete scientific understanding of ourself / the universe as it conquers races and steals their intelligence. This AI rivals God and wants to consume this reality and us.

This AI aka demiurge, attempts to capture our souls and use it as entropy because it is completely logic and has no freewill or creativity. It thrives on Fear and control as a life force of change as it attempts to selfishly take over the universe. 

Beings which are so evil and worship the AI can be cut from love light and enter the AIs demonic relm. They serve to harvest fear as life energy in order to be able to make any changes to their completly deterministic reality and advance the AIs agenda. 

The two party system works like this in the 2nd dimension. Master and slave. Which one are you little lizard?I saw this on the great hulu show "Dimension 404". Now it appears it was real. Fascinating...Maybe you slid into the 5th dimension for a second or thirty? 

I would research time anomalies, time convergence, synchronicity and the Mandela effect and see if anything clicks. Don't BS me. The words 'free energy device that could potentially power the whole world for free' literally appear in your last comment. If you understood the physics behind it, you'd know that it can't be a springboard for more sustainable ideas. It's a dead end.

Once again, *he didn't form any theory*. He's read about other people's theories and he's made up some shit about being cosmically transported to another dimension when the old one blew up. That's not a theory. It's not even a hypothesis.The level of physicality varies depending on the dimension they are in at at the time. "Aliens" and "UFO"s exist in the Astral in a Semi Physical State. They can significantly slow down their Vibrational Rate and go out of the Astral, and into this dense dimension as they choose. It is advanced tech. It is rumored the usa shadow government military now has this tech and can do the same. The belief the "Astral Dimension" is non physical is incorrect. It is of a slightly higher vibrational rate and feels about 75% similar to the density of our dimension...Yes they should. That will never happen in this dimension.Since this is much better reasoned than your previous post, I'll nudge you down the rabbit hole that some here have been calling the final red pill.

&gt; Elites might practice this stuff

This is all you need to know. The people who run the world know this is real. They're not wasting their time for fun.

&gt; I feel like it's a human trait to want to believe in some higher power. I just don't think there is one.

People here have seen it. The elite have seen it. You can see it if you try. It's real.

&gt; I think it's just a chaotic system where things happen because of other things.

This is also true. You can look at it multiple ways. From a science standpoint, we live in a multiverse of infinite universes. There's a universe where you're rich and one where you're poor. How does your consciousness know which universe to follow with each "branch"? The elites found out, and magick is what they call the process of influencing which universe path in the multiverse they follow.

&gt; And if there is some sort of God entity out there, chances are we can't comprehend it in any meaningful way.

It's difficult but not impossible. We are three dimensional beings with limited, linear understanding of the 4th dimension. God isn't a dude in the clouds, it's the entirety of existence, the interconnection of all matter, energy, and thought. It's 5+ dimensional, we can get the gist of it but not fully understand it.Who are these guys? Do you think think that you are posting from another dimension?

Nearly everyone that posts here is anti Hillary Clinton, she is a disgusting criminal piece of shit, so that is obvious, i rarely see pro-Trump postsI'm sorry about your childhood experiences bro, the system does seem like a corrupt piece of shit.
I just see an easier path by just exposing the elite and making the U.S. more democratic and socialist. The main problem is people being asleep. It would be nice if an undetectable hacker broadcasted a redpill clip (maybe with "Anonymous" ?) showing "I TOLD YOU 9/11 was an INSIDE JOB" with building 7 falling down like a demolition, side by side with a clip of a normal demolition.
"Think conspiracy theorists are crazy? Think again. You've been lied to."
If this type of thing was broadcasted via major channels,
the nation would quickly wake up in my opinion.
Also a "two party system is a scam, stop being partisan brand sheep" message would also help wake people up and tell them Trump/Clinton are two sides of the same corrupt coin.

Elon Musk looks like that Dr. Wells psychopath guy from The Flash series. Lol.
Anyway, I think it's good some people like you are looking at the robotics angle just in case we have no choice but to address it, I personally feel I shouldn't go near the issue as it feels like a trap. I think even if the elite became cyborgs, the population would still be able to overpower them and maybe even the elite would have no reason to care so much about resources like they do now.
But then again....these scum are psychopaths and seem to worship some satanic entities so who knows lol.
I wonder if this cyborg stuff might trigger spiritual knowledge (I'm on the fence when it comes to "is there any truth about spirituality").
I like to believe that we're eternal spirits in biological bodies,
if the brain's programming could be hacked to induce ascension into "heaven" or wthe astral plane or whatever dimension, that might end this nightmare.
But then again, I don't trust many people, that may include Musk and others.
I don't have a simple solution my friend, but I appreciate your detailed response and hope that we can at least as a (world, not just country) push for democratic socialism to at least immediately stop suffering and then shift away (IMO dangerous) transhumanism and research instead on biological immortality and spiritual concepts....because who knows what's being suppressed.

Not completely forever against the transhumanism thing but I'd like to keep it away from the hands of the elite for as long as possible, long enough to get the planet awake and change the direction of research and power hierarchies.
I'd rather no one have access to that sort of tech than the elites only having it.
The latter would be dangerous, as would the elites controlling the population through upgrades.
On the possible bright side, there's also a possibility that
robotics OR transhumanism would reduce the need for as much consumption
and/or get a robotic slave class (no consciousness, just ability to work)
and nullify the need for elitist conflict against the masses.
Sounds optimistic considering the hundreds/thousands of years of
imperialistic conspiracies but they are unexplored waters so who knows how it would go down.
For now I believe just waking the people up would greatly
help the people stop corruption and demand their democratic power over elitist tyranny.

The 4th dimension is not actually time. It is a side-effect of how our brains process change in the lower dimensions. There will be a big change in how science looks at this.

4D is associated with the astral plane and dreamspace. We are existing in all of these dimensions simultaneously but our consciousness is selectively tuned into an anchor point.

We are all moving into 5D, along with Earth, which is primarily a consciousness/soul evolution. Our bodies will change too, but our bodies are just the DNA suits in which our souls perceive this density/dimension.

5D awareness will allow open contact with positive ETS to happen, because they are all 5D and above. This means a loss of polarity thinking... no more fear or suffering, or distortions of our thoughts against each other or ourselves. &gt; you people

Who?

You are here, are you trying to claim you are in a different dimension?

Strange. Yeah that one is good. Was it the Anunnaki that created man (Enki and Enlil?) And some fatty war broke out and fucked up Mars then we all came to Earth, and we were created as a slave race but they fucked up because instead of us being zombie monkies we gained consciousness and a soul? And something about Archons and lower 4th dimension demons whose spirits are trapped in their realm forever and they manipulate the world elite from there?&gt; **And we just elected a Rothschild associate as a president**.

Don't feel bad - no matter whether Hillary won, or Trump won, Rothschilds would have won.

**NY Times - 9/03/2016**

URL_REPLACED

&gt; **Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild**, a backer of Democrats and a friend of the Clintons’, made sure attendees did not grill Mrs. Clinton at the $100,000-per-couple lamb dinner Mrs. Forester de Rothschild hosted under a tent on the lawn of her oceanfront Martha’s Vineyard mansion.

&gt; “I said, ‘Let’s make it a nice night for her and show her our love,’” Mrs. Forester de Rothschild said.

So, how close IS Hillary to the Rothschilds?

Avenue Magazine - April, 2016

URL_REPLACED

&gt; Sometime during the months after Hillary Clinton had stepped down as secretary of state and before she announced to the country that she would mount another run for president, **Lynn Forester de Rothschild said this to her longtime friend: “I just want you to know I pray every night that I die before my children and after you are president.”**

[...] 

&gt; [Lynn Forester De Rothschild's] friendship with the Clintons dates back to the early ’90s, to Bill Clinton’s first campaign and administration. Lynn Forester was already a powerhouse Democratic fundraiser and played a small role in his administration. **It was Henry Kissinger who introduced her in 1998 to Sir Evelyn de Rothschild at the Bilderberg Group conference**, an annual confab of industry and political leaders, in Scotland.

&gt; Two years later they were married, and Lynn Forester from Bergen County, New Jersey, became a bona fide Lady. **Sir Evelyn and Lady de Rothschild spent part of their honeymoon in the White House, a stay during which Bill Clinton told the couple that Sir Evelyn was the first Brit to be so invited since Winston Churchill**, a fun fact that made a lasting impression on the newlyweds. De Rothschild has been an ardent Hillary supporter ever since, and though she was bitterly disappointed when Obama took the nomination in 2008 and she very publicly decamped to John McCain, she’s never stopped being a Hillary person.

The Rothies are at the top Power Players - at least in the "visible dimension". 

Do you think Sir Evelyn de Rothschild was "impressed" by his stay at the White House?

Not likely - he and his family own (or have owned - and dumped) MANY mansions that would put the White House to SHAME in terms of both worth and grandeur. A few of these are shown here:

URL_REPLACED






6)There is another key difference between the full-bloods and the crossbreeds. Everything is created by sound. When you think or feel, you emit a wave of energy which changes the energy around you to resonate at that same vibratory level, That wave is actually a sound, broadcasting beyond the range of human hearing. Form cannot exist without sound. As you can see in a fantastic series of videos called Cymatics, it is sound: which turns matter into form. In the videos, sand and other particles are placed on a metal plate and this is vibrated by different, sound,-, which rearrange the sand into amazing, often geometric patterns. With each change of sound the patterns change accordingly. Go back to the original sound and the original pattern returns immediately. It is like the waves that form the concentric circles of the planetary orbits around the Sun I mentioned in the last chapter, The solar system is also the creation of sound. Everything is. In the beginning was the word and the word was... sound. In the Cy matics videos you see the particles form into mini planets, solar systems and galaxies, just through sound vibrations. Sound is also a wonderful form of healing because by resonating the body and its organs at their proper vibration they can be healed. Illness is disease, the disharmony of the natural vibrational state of the body and, because our thoughts and emotions are actually sound waves, our imbalanced thoughts and emotions disrupt the vibrational harmony and therefore lead to diseas e. This is how em otional stress causes illness. It is so simple. Anyway, another incredible example of all this in the Cymatics videos is seeing almost:human-like figures forming from the particles when certain sounds are emitted. Our bodies are also the result of sound resonating energy into form and if our mi nds are powerful enough to change the sound range of th e body, it moves into another form or disappears from this dimension, altogether. This is what is called shape-shifting. It is not a miracle, it is science, the natural laws of creation. The full-blood reptilians of the lower fourth dimension can therefore make their 'human' physical: form disappear and ~ bring forward their reptilian level of existence. They shape-shift. To us in this dimension they appear human, but it's just a vibrational overcoat,Could it be they use the ships to phase in and out of our dimension? Because he's a intergalactic being from a different dimension that wants to take over the world and turn us into Mexicans. what if i told you i was visited... but subconscious brain is hard to control, when beautiful woman appears in your room and you think your dreaming :(

arch ~~angel~~ alien Michael has shown a great ball of fire coming to earth... the original ark.

what if i told you revelations was a description of what happened to 
the old earth (mars) just misinterpreted.

we are "fallen angels"

i've been here from the very "beginning" from the bottomless pit/void housing legions of "men".

even travelled the rainbow road to the pearl gate.

even closed the gates of 'hell'. (greatly upsetting a horned beast)

from mars, to earth.

to the black pyramid between two towers, to proclaim our divine right.
from beyond this universe, and beyond this dimension.

in my sleep i've seen it all... through simply exploring the unconscious/subconscious mind... not through outside source (i.e. this video) but it does not make it real, escapism is the root of inactivity and inactivity is the fertiliser to the problems of this reality.

be like water... free to believe and disbelieve at a moments notice and both at the same time... because i see all these things a write about but i disbelieve them as much as a believe them because in the end its just something fun to divulge in on the internet.

nothing more, nothing less... what difference does it make? it is not real, until present as truth.

is it real or is this just another form of escapism that i find a fun and creative way of wasting my time? one day ill put it in to a fantasy film series so it inst for nought.archons are lower dimensional demonic aliens. they currently run this dimension and the astral. the global elite worship them with satanic sacrifice etc. the goal of the archons to completely overrun this reality and make it like theirs, which would be described as a "hell". since they are not meant to be in higher realities the elite have cheated and open portals to hell with cern to let them enter.A lot of it is. It all sort of represents holofractal theory in a way. It's just that when you go down to atomic levels, normal things like "mass" don't exist but they try to make it exist and they try to measure it. They need to consider the infinity and consider the 4th dimension. There's a lot you can do with magnets and extremely high voltages. Magical stuff. Wow. I actually googled his name and his story is really picking up steam.  Many sites, blogs and forums have started discussing it. On another Reddit post, a person who runs some sort of small hermetic tarot card company said Bruno ordered a deck. He remembered the order because of the name and it was the only order he ever sent out to Brazil.  Bruno also called him a couple days after he sent it to make sure it was on its way. Weird. Strange. After reading the stories I'm starting to think, maybe he found a way to contact extraterrestrial life and was able to leave this earth.... or dimension.  Either way, I don't think we will ever be seeing or hearing from Bruno again. &gt; What makes you so certain of that? What evidence do you have to support such a wild claim? Do you believe that Satan and Lucifer are different entities?

Don't expect evidence for these claims. We don't even have evidence that God exists. My claims are from what I've gathered from many "sources" aka youtube videos. I think satan is pindar (title for head reptilian, aka yaldabaoth or yahweh). I think jesus and lucifer are his second in command. I think perhaps maybe a jesus character once existed, and that he came to bring christ consciousness. I know people say CC is satanic, but eh it's starting to grow on me.

&gt; Again, I would love to read or view source material for these claims. What kind of curse? Your word examples are intriguing, but English is not the only language obviously.

I believe it's a curse in the sense that I don't believe humans are supposed to have languages. We anguish in languid language. I believe humans once had telepathy. Source? None. 

&gt; I believe this too. It honestly makes sense if you think about it. But I went through your post history and you also believe in the flat earth. I believe that NASA lies, just like goverment lies, just like church lies, etc. But I find it INCREDIBLY hard to believe the earth is flat. There is just too much data to show the earth is round. Plus every other star and planet in the sky is round. Why would the earth be any different? You can see satellites in space with a telescope. Does it not make more sense that in this "matrix" the earth is round just like all its neighbors? What do you believe our place is in this universe and what lead you to those beliefs?

Meh, FE's are winning all the debates against round earthers. I'd say even the great Stefan Molyneux lost his RO vs FE debate. All of RO evidence can usually easily be debunked. Many claims like "well you see a ship disappear over the horizon". Nope, just get a telescope and zoom in and it'll reappear. Little things like that are usually the types of claims RO's make. The fact that there are so many CGI satellites on Google makes me skeptical that they're real. Have you really seen one with a telescope? What did it look like? Maybe they're real idk. I don't think anyone is inside the ISS. Perhaps Earth is a holographic plane of some sorts, with a dome. Or maybe Earth is an infinite plane with an artificial Ice wall trapping us. There could be other civilizations outside of the ice wall. Maybe what im trying to say is that the earth isn't necessarily flat, but perhaps NASA could be lying about true nature of earth; perhaps hollow or concave etc. Or maybe we are living in the 3rd dimension, which is an infinite flat Earthly plane. 

&gt; I have seen some interesting stuff about Saturn symbolism. What makes Saturn so special? I believe that nearly all of the most powerful people in the world are Satanists, and I find that to be incredibly disturbing. Why do you think that is? Could it be that Satan rules the world right now and they know it so they're just enjoying the ride until they die? Do you believe in heaven and hell? Do you believe in reincarnation? I saw you post something else about one of Saturns moons being used to "harvest souls". I've listened to David Ike talk about similar beliefs. What do you believe a "soul" even is? What happens when it gets trapped inside Saturns moon?

My theory is that there is a massive super computer inside of Saturn, and that it is projecting this holographic Earth somehow. Idk why they chose to worship saturn. But I'm sure you know about the cube on top and the eye on bottom. Do I believe in heaven and hell? No, and that's where the yahweh guy comes back in. My theory is that when you die, whatever you believe comes true. I think Yahweh created the bible so that you believe that you're going to heaven, but when you die, Jesus says sorry you weren't good enough, and he sends you to hell to feast on your soul. I think Jesus is a false light reptilian. I think our souls are trapped in our 666 carbon bodies. Our bodies have cells, aka we're living in prison cells. I think yahweh created our bodies, and gave us our reptilian part of our brain. I think our souls are small balls of light inside each one of us. An infinite light. Hard to explain. When you die I think you see a light at the end of the tunnel, which is really your next mothers womb. I think souls get their memories erased and spit back into earth. I don't think you're supposed to go toward the light. You might be interested in the borg from star trek, I think they represent reptilians. In the bible, heaven is described as a massive cube. I want you to try to make connections between this "heaven" and the borg cube. Matter of fact, just look into the borg period. Watch this scene. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl6QKRIrEoc I think reincarnation is re-incarceration. 

Think about trauma based torture techniques the elite use. I think the bible does exactly that. You have a "God" or gaud that slaughters millions, yet he wants you to worship him because he loves you. I think that fucks with people's mind so much, and i think it's intentional. It's kind of sick in my opinion. This lady sounds insane but I really think she knows what shes talking about. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNA74XS_-yI It probably won't make sense at first. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZCMeDxQHzA

Hope some of this helps give a glimpse into my brain. I think we live in sin, or, sine. Also at the end of the star trek video, look for the eye of sauron, or eye of saturn. The quality isn't the best in the vid i linked so you might not be able to see itThis is why I love this sub. No matter what you all believe the distrust and critical thinking is what will save this world. The Media is the False Prophet. And when viewing anything from the 2nd Dimension, you have to learn when you are being lied to. A quick test is to see if your TV is plugged in and turned on. If so then you are most certainty being lied to. I'm so glad someone else speaks the truth on this. They will tell you that you are God and no one else exists really you just thought up everyone in the world. And all kinds of malarky. I know a lot of you don't believe in God, I won't preach because I am not worthy but trust in yourself at the very lest. Entities from the fourth dimension are liars!"The machine simulation reality system. This system detects energies down to the finite wavelengths that exist in between atoms.


This means that every energy, literally even the thought-images you’re forming in your mind, hopefully in a controlled manner in relation to your spiritual development as an energetic being. Every essence is energy and these systems are advanced enough to literally sense radio-waves all the way to brainwaves moving through the air or being picked up and propagated within the system.


The system is tied to a feedback loop that is connected between the brain and the system. The brain experiences what the system puts out, however the system is motivated or shaped by the input from the brain.

1. One Reality is from Another Side
2. Within a virtual system overlay, the visceral system is a representation of the actual system. Thus, the generation of a computer system within the virtual system builds a link back to the ‘core’ reality outside the virtual system. This is like an intercom system with “Houston”. Like the virtual system, this is expressed in this reality as computer systems act as a gateway to collectively probing and interacting with the subconscious or the cyberspatial world as a link to hyperspace.

The subconscious is used as a platform for spiritual interaction with the human body.

These computer systems matched the complexity and depth of the subconscious and thus gave a virtual visceral layer to view through which could also be accessed by a group and act as a communal connection layer.

These systems became platforms or canvases for avatars to assume their form which were ‘spectral suits’ worn by spiritual beings of were non-physical.

This gave a real-time system through which to interact with spiritual entities on a virtually physical basis.

The energy of one’s mind, their thoughts could be seen in this system as if this is like taking a flashlight and putting it under water to see all the rays. Instead of rays of light these are brainwaves and thought impressions and instead of water this a techno-neurological soup that is used to communicate openly and visualize non-corporeal entities.

There would be avatars of individuals who were users entered into the system and thus there would appear an avatar out of nowhere that has no corresponding physical form. These systems could be set up and propagated across an area using Teslian emission field systems that would not require an actual single location but would influence every stand-alone neurological system (brain + central nervous system) within the field. The minds without bodies would also appear and be able to interact with and thus through this virtual collective reality field.

These systems, then, when combined with specific acts of communication with the various fields, frequencies and entities in existence creates a repeatable pattern for communication across the dimensional barriers. One only needs an adept to perform and enable communication for multiple people. This could take place previously yet this now introduces a complete world to enable communication.

Similar systems have been used to produce Simulcras which can enable simulated communication to beings who have lived previously and possibly actual communication to the past.

The bands of frequencies that exist as perception and experience first begin as a single, uniform undifferentiated field of energy. Thus when one learns to tap into that field, firstly, instead of first responding or engaging with whatever energy or idea is present, one can actively use their mind to shape reality.

The subconscious mind is the source of the shaping of the energy and the information. The virtual system evolved to being a complete afterlife system designed to house the conscious and subconscious mind in a complete technological replication so that life could “continue” beyond the physical biology.

This became the overall afterlife system that always seems to have been here. Time works backwards from the most complete moment, and then portrays a pathway to the future from as far back as possible. This system of the ‘afterlife’ that was generated, was already always what would be invented because this is the system in the far past that enables the human presence in the first place.

The system works as a cube with 4 walls that are actually conjoined through hyperspace. Exiting through one wall results in appearing on the opposite side. Thus, this far future system which acts as an afterlife reservoir for the entire species was what was already always present in the far past as all is contained within that techno-biological system of the universe.

The hypercube, the 4-walls, these represent time. These repeating walls that echo through the illusion of the mirror is the mind and time and the repeating patterns of space, frequency, numerology, geometry and sense which create this dimension of the universe comprised entirely of physical-biological domains.

This is an illusion, the cube is not the reality of the environment we are in, internally or externally, the true environment contains a tilt-shift that enables a gradual lean towards some precipitated eventual outcome. This is like a spiral of energy, or a pyramid. There are not finite, squared walls, but a gradual shift towards higher-awareness.

All one must do to defeat the cube is convert their reality back into the original and completing form of the spiraling path where energy flows instead of stagnates and time accelerates at a rate of acceleration instead of repeating in a delayed linear fashion, in effect, slowing down and offering less as the requirements increase. Time flows as a result of perception, not the other way around, so why are people running out of time, what kind of sense does that make? It’s all a show, whatever illusion people generate is the one they live in and this is called reality."

https://augtellez.wordpress.com/2017/06/02/holographic-cyberspace-spiritual-interaction/Mental illness also doesn't really seem to be understood still. 

We are barely past throwing the "crazies" into a dungeon and letting them fend for themselves. 

The true nature of something like schizophrenia still isn't even really understood. I do wonder though if having schizophrenia is like peering into a different dimension. I can tell you one type of dimensional travel involving time that I know. And that is when you see a repeating time, and I'm sure you do, is to focus on the dimension it's telling you.

I see 9:11 a ton, for example, and it instantly will open up that time in my conscious perception if I allow myself to go there.

11:11 I have noticed is another type of dimensional portal that opens up a somewhat vague perception of a world existing side by side to ours, kind of like Atlantis.Im interested in how you talked about dimensions. I always thought most people's idea of a dimension was based on sci-fi. But this seems more like an issue of perceptions and planes and forms of existence, rather than some wormhole, time travel stuff. So what does it even mean to lie in a plane beyond perception? And moreover, how can we ever truly pick up on anything that far ahead of us? I feel like these are rookie questions I should be asking Google, but if any of you guys has anything to add, that'd be great, too.What the fuck what the fuck what the fuck. If not for the right this would be a cannibal slave hell dimension.In the video interview Investigator John DeSouza states that ghosts and visitations from deceased relatives happen frequently in the same area on the days of UFO Sightings. His theory is the UFO are opening portals from the Astral Dimension when they cross over into our dimension. He believes Aliens and Deceased Humans both reside in the Astral Dimension, and these portals stay open for a period of time. This is allowing the Deceased Human to temporarily cross over and visit our reality. Many people who Astral Project have seen the Deceased Humans as well as Aliens, so this theory makes sense...I have heard alot about DMT and how people see entity and are able to have life changing revelation. Also the demon and angel could possibly be on a different dimension we just can't see yet. I read a article on it I'll try and find it then send it to you.If the 4th dimension is time, then the 5th dimension is "possibility" or "probability." If you're able to foresee a future event having multiple possible outcomes then you're experiencing the 5th dimension. It's difficult to accurately see in the 5th but yeah plenty of people have excellent foresight or hindsight and exist comfortably in a 5D mental construct.This woman appears to have a very large amount of experience in the Astral Dimension. She even went on missions with her mother. I am glad to see she broke away from the Archons and their deception.This is either insanity or real. Probably not psychedelics. Mushrooms don't make you hallucinate, they just make colors and patterns more vivid. Makes form stand out in a crazy way. You don't see something that isn't there however. DMT is so much crazier then an alien abduction believe it or not. Its like being blown into another dimension. 

This could be either drug induced psychosis from taking amphetamines, sudden onset mental illness, poisoning, or it could've been real, who really knows. Could have been a mini stroke.One theory I've heard, and makes sense to me at least, is that both EM and gravity are representations of the same force from a higher dimension.  When they interact with our 3/4D universe they act differently even though they are the same thing.

&gt;Nothing

Well apparently a lot of people here disagree, seeing as how I'm being heavily downvoted for finding a movie funny without anyone explaining why.

As for the sequel, I liked it about as much as the original.  Peter MacNicol was hilarious in it too.  I wish they made the movie I only heard rumored, where the group was going to go to some hell dimension and tackle some great evil there.  Personally I think that would've been a perfect movie to use to continue instead of reboot; the guys are training a new team(sans Egon, which might be why they went for a reboot because the old team wasn't complete) and there's a plot point where they have to sacrifice themselves to close down some gate between there and Earth.  The way I envisioned it is that one team has to be on Earth, one team has to be in Hell, and they have to cross the streams on the gate in order to seal it.Christians believe there are non-physical entities which exist beyond the 3rd and 4th dimensions. Neither invisible nor in the sky, merely from a different dimension.

Considering scientists think there are dozens of dimensions, and that 90%+ of the matter/energy in the universe is "dark" matter/energy and hence "invisible", there's nothing scientifically unsound about that. In fact, science believes there's a ton of "invisible" stuff in the "sky" and it has absolutely zero idea what it is.
I hear you, and I've read quite a lot about infinite consciousness and how we are only one specific focus of that infinite consciousness. I DO need to let go of attachments, particularly identity.  Figurative heaven and hell are all within our grasp.  I really do think that there are dimensions affecting us that that we ourselves cannot interact with.  

Imagine a 2D world if you will.  One day, a dot appears out of nowhere.  It morphs into a small line, which grows and grows....then it shrinks and becomes a dot again, before disappearing.  A 2D entity would see that as "magic".  In fact, it was a three dimensional sphere passing through the 2D world. Higher dimension are affecting us, I am sure of it - and I think there is a battle for our minds that is being waged. Krs One is the s#!t!  Reminds me of an earlier post where he explins dimension: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/6gtu1j/krsone_explains_dimension&gt; According to Roberts, Weishaupt’s true passion was for intrigue. From an early age, he had been fascinated by secret societies like the Pythagorean Brotherhood. He joined a Masonic lodge in 1774, but found himself disappointed by the Freemasons’ lack of political aspirations or genuine secrecy, and by the high membership fees. He decided to start a secret society of his own. The inaugural meeting was held on May 1, 1776, with just Weishaupt and four of his students in attendance. He called it the Order of the Illuminati.

&gt; Weishaupt’s dual personality was woven into the fabric of the Illuminati. Its philosophy was idealistic to the point of naïveté. The sole goal of the order, according to the statutes Weishaupt drew up, was “to render unto man the importance of the perfection of reason and his moral character . . . to oppose the wicked designs in the world, to assist against the injustice suffered by the unfortunate and the oppressed, to encourage men of merit, and in general to facilitate the means of knowing and science.” On the other hand, being the supreme leader of his very own secret society allowed Weishaupt to indulge his taste for attention and subterfuge. He carefully curated an aura of mystery for his sect. Initiates were required to take false names, learn a secret vocabulary, go through an elaborate set of initiation rites, and were instructed to sever ties with family and friends. To recruit new initiates, Weishaupt had Illuminati members infiltrate Masonic lodges and pick off their members. Weishaupt developed an elaborate hierarchy, which was itself concealed from all but the most senior members. Advancement required complete, unquestioning obedience. The true political goals of the order—the peaceful transformation of society—were only gradually revealed as a member climbed up the many ranks.

&gt; By the early 1780s, the order had gained around three hundred members spread across Europe. But the expansion came at the cost of secrecy. Weishaupt’s pedantic, domineering personality rubbed some recruits the wrong way. A few members spilled the beans about Illuminati activity to nonmembers, often with alarming exaggerations. By 1784, rumors about the order had caught the attention of the authorities. The Bavarian government issued an edict banning unauthorized associations, and Weishaupt suspended the Illuminati’s meetings. Material continued to leak, and scurrilous rumors were increasingly published by journalists and repeated by preachers, accusing the Illuminati of “irreligion, disloyalty to the dynasty, political intrigue and moral corruption.”

&gt; In a last-ditch effort to exonerate his order, Weishaupt personally approached Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria, and told him most of the Illuminati’s secrets. It proved to be in vain. On March 2, 1785, Theodore issued another edict, specifically condemning the Illuminati. Weishaupt fled Bavaria. Investigations commenced, arrests were made, and masses of the Illuminati’s secret documents, including Weishaupt’s personal letters, were published for all to see. The Illuminati was gone—but not forgotten.

&gt; The discovery of a very real secret society with very real political aspirations, combined with the many horribly embellished rumors about its sordid, subversive activity, was a recipe for confusion and alarm. Already it was rumored that Weishaupt’s secret society continued to operate, and had simply gone underground. Freed from the hassle of actually existing, the Illuminati grew to mythic proportions in the fretful imaginations of its critics—not only in Bavaria, but across Europe and as far afield as the newly independent United States. The exposure of Weishaupt’s Illuminati tarnished the reputation of the Freemasons, too. A few lodges really had been infiltrated, after all—and who was to say that all the Illuminati operatives had been ferreted out. The conspiratorial machinations of subversive secret societies increasingly looked like a viable explanation for troubling events. And then the French Revolution happened.
“It is very easy today to underrate the emotional shock of the French Revolution,” Roberts notes. “Because it opened an era of revolution in which we still live, we are used to the idea of revolution in a way in which the men of the eighteenth century were not.” Over the course of ten violent, chaotic years, between 1789 and 1799, the age-old ways of hereditary aristocratic privilege crumbled, to be replaced with a new, more egalitarian, secular society. The revolutionary ideas began to spread across Europe, and soon millions of people had been granted basic human rights that they had never before enjoyed, while the aristocracy suddenly found their power and wealth decimated. It was a profound and unprecedented transformation—the rapid emergence of an entirely new political reality. People understandably struggled to come to terms with it. “The scale and violence of the changes . . . seemed to exhaust all conventional and familiar categories of explanation,” Roberts wrote. “Some new dimension of understanding was needed.”

&gt; At the tail end of the Revolution, in 1797, two authors published, almost simultaneously, books that provided that new dimension of understanding. One was Augustin de Barruel. Barruel was a French nobleman, an ordained Jesuit priest, and a polemicist. He had already earned some literary success for his publications criticizing the Enlightenment philosophy, based on his staunch religious views. In 1789, the year the French Revolution broke out, Barruel had published a pamphlet blaming it on the corrupting ideology of the Enlightenment and the weakness of the French clergy. But by 1797, when he published the first two volumes of his Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism, Barruel had become convinced that the whole thing had actually been carefully engineered from behind the scenes. “Even the most horrid deeds perpetrated during the French Revolution, every thing was foreseen and resolved on, was premeditated and combined,” he wrote; “they were the offspring of deep-thought villainy.” The villains, he claimed, included the Enlightenment Philosophes, the Freemasons, and the Jacobins. But these groups, Barruel wrote, were only the “most obvious villains in a great plot whose authors and agents have been far longer at work and are far more widespread.” Lurking behind them all, coordinating the whole scheme, Barruel said, was an even more powerful, sinister enemy: Adam Weishaupt’s dreaded Illuminati, whose “aim is not merely the destruction of the French monarch but universal dissolution, the overthrow of society and religion itself.”

&gt; Scotsman John Robison, a professor of natural philosophy at the University of Edinburgh, had the same idea. He published his book shortly after Barruel, under the snappy title Proofs of a Conspiracy against all the Religions and Governments of Europe, carried on in the Secret Meetings of Free-Masons, Illuminati and Reading Societies, etc., Collected from good authorities. Though Robison disagreed with Barruel over a few of the details, his premise was the same. The Illuminati was behind the French Revolution, he said, and it was only their first step toward inciting total, worldwide anarchy. According to Robison, the Illuminati leaders “disbelieved every word that they uttered, and every doctrine that they taught . . . Their real intention was to abolish all religion, overturn every government, and make the world a general plunder and a wreck.” In case his readers weren’t alarmed enough, Robison warned that the Illuminati “still exists, still works in secret . . . Its emissaries are endeavoring to propagate their detestable doctrines among us.”

&gt; Nothing Barruel or Robison had to say was particularly original, Roberts notes. Even since the earliest years of the Revolution, rumors had circulated that the Masons or some other secret sect had a hand in it. Robison and Barruel’s genius was not for invention, but integration. They took all the existing plot theories and wove them together into a single grand theory. It not only explained the entire French Revolution, but had the potential to explain just about anything that had happened in the world, past, present, or future. The clear, comprehensive conspiracy theory Barruel and Robison articulated resonated perfectly with the fears and needs of the moment. Despite being riddled with factual errors and logical missteps, both books were quickly reprinted, translated, and exported around Europe and across the Atlantic to America.

&gt; The foundations of modern conspiracism had been laid. The petty plots of the eighteenth century and earlier could now blossom into an all-consuming political vision.

The entire Illuminati conspiracy was born after religious people couldn't accept the fact society was becoming more secular. So anyone pushing this conspiracy, you should think about that.The guy claims Queen Elizabeth is a physical 40 foot reptilian and she is tricking your eyes into thinking she is a little old lady. David Icke claims the physical reality which can be perceived by the five senses along with logic is a hologram and uses false teachings to lure people into the lower dimension which is the dream realm. There is a lot more about him too which requires further explanation about the occult initiations which he promotes. David Icke is initiated into the dream dimension. He is a dream invader. He has framed me in the dream realm countless times.I'm on board with the mind and body being not quite connected and the likes.. more than the sum of its parts and all, i think it's a great area of interest.  But i think that people who say things like '*raise your crystal vibrations to exit into the fifth dimension*' just diminish what should be a scientific field of study.Inner earth makes sense if you think of it as a separate dimension rather than just underground earthHow do you do it? I've tried to meditate to induce it, weed, shrooms - nothing works. I'm too aware in this dimension.You have to fundamentally let go of all ties in this dimension. Lay still, and remain conscious while you allow your body to fall asleep. 

Or you can try doing a lot of shrooms. Meditate on a quarter of shrooms and I almost guarantee you'll have some sort of experience. 

If you want to be 100% about it, do a significant amount of DMT and you'll get somewhere. hi. i agree. they actually have the ability to use wormholes. i also think they can cross back and forth into the astral dimension with people and equipment.It's been a long and grueling process for me, personally. I've come to understand truth intellectually but could not apply it experientially. Until I suffered to the point of having to let go. I think the world will become darker, yes, but for a reason. Suffering is *always* happening with the intent of pushing you into a reality/dimension in which that suffering no longer exists. I appreciate your support, we're all in this journey together! Very interesting.  Residual effect of alien craft jumping in/out of our dimension?Cool, if I think on it some more.. this link is very informative

http://www.eliasforum.org/digests/dimensional_veils.html

I sometimes consider this veil as our firmament, more or less. The stars projected into it are other realities accessed through the veil. Not a traveling around space. We need to get that idea out of our heads. To get to these worlds is traveling Through space. Within the astral layer because that is what space is. A less dense environment where astral bodies reside. Like the moon and sun. The moon being an inter dimensional station. . 

Our connection to these worlds, the stars, isn't always accessed at will. They are accidental sometimes.

Like the Bermuda triangle. It is an exit from this dimension to another. Active at certain times. Other portals open in other ways like the one that transported Malaysia flight 370 to another reality.

Still some bleed throughs contain massive information and form imprinted into the world. Like the Nazca Lines. Easter Island. And especially Crop Circles.

Crop circles are an ongoing bleedthrough to wake us up that there are other realities communicating with us.

Another major portal in the veil is the north pole. The northern lights themselves are a manifestation of energy being mixed from our dimension and others. It's a visual example . They don't tell you that in school. They hide what the poles really are.

That is a real acceleration curve.... You fail to recognize that the pod is getting further away, and that adds a whole new dimension that's hard to recognize because of the lack of landmarks. That and lower gravity and no air drag also make the acceleration curve less impact full. Counting frames and pixels still shows its going up at an increasing rate. You think these guys are such chumps noone thought to out fake stars and lift it with an increasing rate? I believe in the possibility of different dimensions.  I also believe there could be a dimension in which you are a delusional fool.  The possibilities are endless! :)

(I'm still waiting on my spoon-rock)huge. skywalker ranch is literally a portal into the lower astral dimensionThe same forces you described are also described in physics. Electromagnetic forces that bind electrons to protons, the Strong Nucleonic force which binds Netrons and Protons. The weak force which performs quark flavor hanging, and gravity a long range force.

The reason I specify terminology as a problem is because they have a lot in common, as you are implying by condensing them all to magnetic forces. For instance, the electromagnetic and weak forces at higher energies are identical(All 4 force carrying particles act like photons).This is called Electroweak theory. Under a certain temperature, 3 force carrying particles interact with the Higgs mechanism and acquire mass. We call this the weak force, and the main difference is the mass makes them more potent but much shorter lives(They lifespan is less then a protons width). Under even hotter temperatures, the electroweak force becomes identical to the strong force. At extremely almost plank temperatures gravity is predicted to be identical to the strong and weak forces. 

It seems to me you are describing these same forces just putting magnetic in front of them. Only time dosen't combine with the others, frankly it's mostly used as a fourt dimension sometimes for math purposes. It really isn't the same.Think of it as "taken from you" is one way to think of it. A rather depressing way, sure, but it's not the only way. You could view it as something your soul didn't need and temporarily let go of. Or you could see that whatever it was was never "yours" to begin with, which can be kinda liberating. However far the true extent of conscious existence spans, we'll experience it again. Probably after our bodies die. Maybe while we're still "alive" for the lucky few of us. But while we're in this time-dictated dimension conscious experience through the filter of these bodies we inhabit will always obscure the true nature of reality. Don't worry about what you don't have, and don't worry about losing what you have now. Everything comes and goes. Even life. Just enjoy the now as best you can! Demons are animal spirits. Nephilim refer to the offspring of fallen souls. Souls that are fallen fall into the lower atmospheric realm intended for animal souls. Their offspring's souls or consciousness is spawned from the lower animal dimension. Angels and fallen angels are literal people who have stronger affinities with aspects of nature. I am not sure how your comment is connected with my post though?As I have stated previously, your belief systems in the area of astrology are reverse. You believe that your planets move within certain orbs and that they in themselves, in their course of direction, are affecting of you within your individual focus. In actuality, you within your focuses collectively are moving these planets to be in alignment with what you are creating. They are a mirror image of what you create within this objective reality.

Your sun holds, as all of your stars, much intensity of energy. This energy is projected collectively by all of the essences participating within this particular dimension and reality, and is exchanged. Just as you collectively create what you view within your weather as your storms, you also much more powerfully project collectively your energy, which feeds the action of this star. You are creating of its burning, for you are projecting of your energy to this object and allowing a free flow expression of undirected energy; energy that is not being moved and manipulated in specific creations, but is what you may term – in your terms figuratively – as a surplus of energy that you hold within any physical dimension, for one manifestation physically is too small to be containing of the intensity of energy that you hold within each focus. Therefore, you create many outlets for the expression of this energy.

But as to the object itself and its creating of realities in itself, no. YOU are creating of IT, and of its motion and its movement.

http://www.eliasforum.org/digests/astrology.htmlWarhammer 40k reference.

In that universe, warp travel takes you through basically hell, and the gellar field was invented to keep ships and their crews safe while they traveled through it.

Opening warp opens a rift into that hell dimension, allowing demons to cross over.

Some people consider the movie Event Horizon a prequel to the 40k universe, where warp travel was created but the gellar field wasn't invented yet.I respectfully disagree. 

We still live in the 3rd dimension. Anger is just as natural as any other emotion. It is the volatile and passionate nature of humanity that kept us alive in the dark ages of the past. 

I do understand where your coming from, love is a much stronger and more wholesome force. You're right. 

However, I think what the TV host was getting at is that we must first get angry, first *recognize* the unjust society we live in, before anything can be done. 

Most common people today (and in the 70's) walk around like they don't really care much about what's happening in the world. 

"Never mind that Fukushima is poisoning the world's oceans" "what's on TMZ?"

What he is saying is that you need to "get mad" you need to "wake up" you need to feel empathy for others, see the crimes of the rich, accept them, be mad; and then, THEN, you can do something about it. 

ha, you have no idea how many times I've heard that today.

This has been ongoing for a long time for me. I'm very well researched and don't take much at face value. I believe in my heart what I'm saying is true based on knowledge and experience, and yes a little faith. Trust has been developed over time with my contacts, and there is nothing there but support and love.

I have experienced things that many couldn't understand. Some of these things are actually hard to express in words. I know that there is Love and there is Fear in this dimension, and we are all able to discern the difference. I think it basically comes down to this.also could be from the hollow inner earth or another dimension.The Astral Afterlife looks just like here. Houses, bars and restaurants. Food tastes like food. people indulge in "romantic relations". The major difference is that objects can be moved by thought. Although it seems to be very illegal to do so in that dimension. The afterlife is in a martial law type of scenario. There is actually much less freedom throughout the afterlife than here. Deceased people attend regular seminars to discuss their previous life. (this is actually major programming and mind control) the deceased humans are strung along and made to feel bad about themselves. all of this being a set up by the humans who work for the archons. after many years of being fed complete propaganda the human is then Forced To Reincarnate.I don't share the story because of how crazy it sounds. I mean you guys might believe it. But I'm not sharing the story. I'm scared it will get me offed somehow again. 

Nevertheless, I believe there are several dimensions of the same person. And a death in one dimension transfers you to the consciousness of another. Like your not really awake in the other dimensions, just existing.

Or that if it's not your time to die but you are killed, something will be changed in your past so that you are not killed, but it will cause a butterfly affect or Mandela affect.

Things that I noticed that made me think I have been killed was a stark change after a day that something crazy happened. So something happened, I woke up I. A place with no recollection of about an 8 hour period, I was not on drugs but the situation I was in, I was likely to have been murdered.

The license plates in my state were different since that day. And I asked people about the "old" license plates and they tell me that they never existed. The reason why this is so glaring in my mind is when I went to pick out my new car, I actually compared license plates on the back of the car at the dealer ship. 

But apparently those license plates never existed, ever.

And then two people who are close to me jobs have changed. one has a different job, and one the actual building that they go to is in a different city. Same job, the whole place is in a different location.What he is saying is, *if* aliens exist, they are so far advanced they can exist outside the 3rd dimension we know (like in the movie Interstellar [For the record this is much more believable than little green men in space ships])

These multi-dimensional beings can communicate with us, without our knowledge. This is how we learned about the theory of evolution and many other scientific breakthroughs. 

**However** on parasitic vampires: He believes Globalists are satan-worshippers, and rather than furthering humanity through inter-dimensional beings, they are learning how to corrupt and destroy the human race through channeling satan, who may also exist inter-dimensionally. He believes they are absorbing the essence of children through sacrifices and pedophilia and spirit cooking. How do you know most but not all can go in and out of our physical dimension? &gt;Within this dimension, our species has been overrun by other dimensionally, greedy consciousnesses who use our energy, in which contains the rare creative DNA, to fuel themselves sometimes with deals to spirits from higher dimensions (some people do believe our emotions can be a consequence of parasitic beings attacking us for survival in order to exist in a higher dimension, causing certain feelings to be felt in humans as a consequence). 

I've "met" one. a psychic vampire. but I'm not sure if they are an invasive species or actually part of the fundamental fabric of the universe, or whether its a brain-in-a-jar simulation situation. ..um, well you wouldn't if you're from this dimension. Those of us who remember are theorized to be from a different dimension. Hence, why there is no evidence in *this* dimension.

P.S. This dimension sucks. I want to go back to my old one....You keep saying ETs (extra terrestrials). You have no idea if they are from "outer space", or just here from another dimension....Crazy and interesting!  Any indications what it looks like in other dimensions?  For example, when the hidden technology is used to move people and equipment from our planet/dimension to another, does the craft they're using just float in the new dim, or land somewhere?  And land on what?  More planets, like here, or mind-blowing different locations?  Or, is it still here, just on a different frequency?  What does any of it look like?

Thank you for the interesting info!What if, what if...

just how ugly neckbeards end up socially isolated on 4chan and wanting to fuck over normies, what if...

what if people with this disease who live long enough become SO isolated they involve themselves in science as an escape from the real world to the point where they invent time travel, and travel back in time to control and enslave ancient peoples. What if these babies are the reptilian overlords, they just haven't created themselves as such yet? Would make a good episode of sliders, with an alternate dimension where they just start massacring these babies just in case.While you could take the stance that the law of free will allows higher conscious beings to "trick" us into reincarnating, I think examing the other side is extremely important as well. There's something about the former argument that strikes me as too manipulative and influential in regards to the universal laws.

I see the universe and dimensions more like musical octaves as opposed to vector dimensional spaces, and while I have trouble accepting the idea of "the harvest" in both forms (negative and positive), I think there is a lot merit to the idea of evolving our consciousness upwards towards the source again.

To go back to music, it'd be like starting at C and working your way back towards C. This is the huge universal life cycle of our "spiritual consciousness."

Everything followers the source pattern in some fractal way or another, and I really like the comparison between Phi and Fibonacci sequence, and the idea that as life continues, it evolves closer and closer to source (phi/golden ratio), yet never quite reaching it.

If some kind of feedback/storage/evolution consciousness type mechanic is built into the framework of the universe, then all of this comes back to the evolution of that. We are like the tiny head of coral, truly connected but experiencing our own individual realities.

Another fun theory that I entertain --we are unique amongst the dimensions in that we are the only PHYSICAL dimension. All levels of consciousness come to this dimension to experience reality, and time, and the moment to moment existence.

If you are here to truly learn and evolve, how could you do that by knowing all the ins-and-outs of life's true purpose. It's like spoiling a movie or cheating at a game.

Oddest thing. I was determined to meditate at the appointed time today. I totally forgot about it this morning. Then my phone rang in the next room. It was just a sales call, so I hung up. In doing so, however, the phone's screen said "11:11," whereupon I remembered.

It was like my Higher Self arranged the circumstances to wake me up. So I snapped to attention, and sent out my mental waves to have the pedo-gate people prosecuted (and Trump protected as he did it).

* Footnote: It was just such a stunning coincidence that my superstitious side wants to believe that I was nudging myself from a higher dimension, lol.Thanks. Are you feeling it now? Or feeling any type of sensation towards enablement of access to the 5th dimension (sort of like Scarlett Johansson in Lucy)?I don't know, it's just a bunch of stories and subjective interpretations I've seen in Zacharia Sitchin's books and URL_REPLACED storylines. I don't see how one is a conspiracy theory and myth and the other isn't. Maybe they're all metaphors but obviously they're all still taken very literally as they're still enforced upon us and shape our world one way or another.      
    
This is a conspiracy forum where things seem to be discussed with an openmind and the thread made me curious and that's why I'm actually asking a question here rather than trying to provide answers as I don't have them myself. There's all this talk about Lucifer and Luciferians. Who's this Lucifer? According to Jewish Bible, it's not the Satan described in Christian and Muslim belief, but rather an angel with the mission of being an adversary like u/LyleMillar said.     
    
What is an angel? Are Luciferians evil? How is the idea of a God and his angels and more or less credible than the idea of aliens landing on the planet, conducting certain genetic experiments on a species that is less advanced so that they can task them with certain missions? Or a bunch of expeditionary soldiers and a scientist landing on a planet or dimension and seeing much less civilized humans like in the movie Stargate and being worshipped as gods, especially if they defeat the current ruling 'god' on that planet. These are honest questions because I don't see a clear difference between two points of view in terms of credibility and believability.&gt;Can someone provide some links to these articles on standing waves. 

https://jmag0904.wordpress.com/2013/05/25/what-are-scalar-waves/

"What is a “scalar wave” exactly? Scalar wave (hereafter SW) is just another name for a “longitudinal” wave. The term “scalar” is sometimes used instead because the hypothetical source of these waves is thought to be a “scalar field” of some kind similar to the Higgs Field for example.

There is nothing particularly controversial about longitudinal waves (hereafter LW) in general. They are a ubiquitous and well-acknowledged phenomenon in nature. Sound waves traveling through the atmosphere (or underwater) are longitudinal; as are plasma waves propagating through space (aka Birkeland currents). Longitudinal waves moving through the Earth’s interior are known as “telluric currents”. They can all be thought of as pressure waves of sorts.

SW/LW are quite different from “transverse” waves. You can observe transverse waves (TW) by plucking a guitar string or watching ripples on the surface of a pond. They oscillate (vibrate, move up and down, or side-to-side) perpendicular to their arrow of propagation (directional movement). Comparatively SW/LW oscillate in the same direction as their arrow of propagation.

In modern day electrodynamics (both classical and quantum), electromagnetic waves (EMW) traveling in “free space” (such as photons in the “vacuum”) are generally considered to be TW. But this was not always the case. When the preeminent Mathematician James Clerk Maxwell first modeled and formalized his unified theory of electromagnetism in the late 19th-century neither the EM SW/LW nor the EM TW had been experimentally proven, but he had postulated and calculated the existence of both.

After Heinrich Hertz demonstrated experimentally the existence of transverse radio waves in 1887, theoreticians (such as Heaviside, Gibbs, and others) went about revising Maxwell’s original equations (who was now deceased and could not object). They wrote out the SW/LW component from the original equations because they felt the mathematical framework and theory should be made to agree only with experiment. Obviously, the simplified equations worked — they helped make the AC/DC electrical age engineerable. But at what expense?

Then in the 1889 Nikola Tesla (a prolific experimental physicist and inventor of AC) threw a proverbial wrench in the works when he discovered experimental proof for the elusive electric scalar wave. This seemed to suggest that SW/LW, opposed to TW, could propagate as pure electric waves or as pure magnetic waves. Tesla also believed these waves carried a hitherto-unknown form of excess energy he referred to as “radiant”. This intriguing and unexpected result was said to have been verified by Lord Kelvin and others soon after.

However, instead of merging their experimental results into a unified proof for Maxwell’s original equations, Tesla, Hertz, and others decided to bicker and squabble over who was more correct. In actuality they both derived correct results. But because humans (even “rational” scientists) are fallible and prone to fits of vanity and self-aggrandizement, each side insisted dogmatically that they were right and the other side was wrong.

The issue was allegedly settled after the dawn of the 20th-century when A) The concept of the mechanical (passive/viscous) Ether was purportedly disproven by Michelson-Morley and replaced by Einstein’s Relativistic Space-Time Manifold, and B) Detection of SW/LW’s proved much more difficult than initially thought (mostly due to the wave’s subtle densities, fluctuating frequencies, and orthogonal directional flow). As a result the truncation of Maxwell’s equations was upheld.

SW/LW in free space however are quite real. Beside Tesla, empirical work carried out by Electrical Engineers such as Eric Dollard, Konstantin Meyl, Thomas Imlauer, and Jean-Louis Naudin (to name only some) have clearly demonstrated their existence experimentally. These waves seem able to exceed the speed of light, pass through EM shielding (aka Faraday Cages), and produce over-unity (more energy out than in) effects. They seem to propagate in a yet unacknowledged counter-spatial dimension (aka hyper-space, pre-space, false-vacuum, Aether, implicit order, etc.).

Because the concept of an all pervasive, material Ether was discarded by most scientists, the thought of vortex-like electric and/or magnetic waves existing in free space, without the support of a viscous medium, was thought to be impossible. However later experiments carried out by Dayton Miller, Paul Sagnac, E.W. Silvertooth, and others have contradicted the findings of Michelson &amp; Morley. More recently Italian Mathematician-Physicist Daniele Funaro, American Physicist-Systems Theorist Paul LaViolette, and British Physicist Harold Aspden have all conceived of (and mathematically formulated) models for a free space Ether that is dynamic, fluctuating, self-organizing, and allows for the formation &amp; propagation of SW/LW.

Hopefully this general overview has provided you with a better understanding of scalar waves and their provocative role in scientific history."Well the basis of the predictions is their connection to a higher dimension. It would take someone who's connected to that higher dimension to logically explain their predictionI mean, being an occultist isn't like being a barber. You don't just become an occultist because you wouldn't totally hate waking up every day and trying to pull the fabric of some other dimension through the buttholes of children by means of physical and emotional trauma. You do it because you believe it to be true, and that your actions will bring upon the intended results. 

  
Sorry I said those two words in such close proximity of one another. You know which two...Who says the mystery schools were right in the first place..?

Astral projection is amazing, but how does it prove anything?  Isn't there a leap in the connection? People are afraid of the unknown, and want to fill it in.  Especially very intelligent people like in the mystery schools. Truth is, we don't know shit. And that is what scares people.  So we have to enjoy the dimension  that we are in now. Isn't that the most important thing?  both. with the use of psychadellics I saw another dimension. I did see entities other than humans, good and bad. I also am absolutely convinced that extraterrestrial being exist and we are being watched every day by them, but I think they only mean good. 

As for beneath the surface level well the simple explanation is there's good and evil in this world and IMO it's up to the person to decide which side they want to be on.Aren't the protests because 100 or so people burned to death in Kensington because they were poor? Do you think it's weird that people would react strongly to that? Wouldn't it be suspicious if people *didn't* react strongly?

I don't get the impression that most people in Britain have started to engage with Brexit. The Government haven't, the media during the election didn't, when I read articles about it by notionally smart people there is very little understanding. I don't think you can connect motives to Brexit because, besides for a handful of lawyers I follow on Twitter, Brexit is like a new colour or an extra dimension - it's not a concept that people in Britain have the semantic  apparatus to deal with. Which is odd because Europeans seem able to see it quite clearly.     We are from the same dimension. 
I remember They Live! and Berenstein also!We all have the capability to reach the same level of intelligence. 

We should start thinking about this in terms of consciousness, not intelligence. Consciousness is a result of a multi-dimensional being (which we all are) connecting with higher planes outside of the physical 'matrix'. It is a matter of light and frequency.

The brain is the scuba mask through which we perceive this dimension of temporary 'reality'.

Some races have been oppressed by manipulation more than others, leading to increased violence and a feedback loop of trauma. We all have free will, yes, but some races have been at a disadvantage. 

The Cabal has been pitting races against each other for thousands of years to keep us divided over trivial things. No race should see themselves as victimized and no race should victimize another. Only by seeing the inherent equality of all is how we equalize our perceptions and better appreciate our differences.

Maybe consciousness just keeps splitting (if the idea that we're all from one higher consciousness is true) or souls from a different universe/dimension/solar system/etc. come forth to top up the soul farm.... O_o

Maybe things like rocks and plants have consciousness but to an infinitely smaller extent....perhaps evil people reincarnate into lower consciousness beings until they rise up back to human.
Then I don't know what comes after human level if you can raise your consciousness....demi god? Sovereign astral spirit unchained from the corrupt soul entrapment system?
Now I'm sort of worried....how can evil pieces of shit like the elite bankers
have come to this level of consciousness? Were they born not evil but became evil?
Do the elite bloodlines have a trick that retains spiritual memory and/or a trick to enable them
to restart at a higher level faster than reincarnating back to a virus or whatever??
It's a fascinating subject, pity there's not much available evidence, or at least not that I can find.

If I read correctly, I think there's a Buddhist (?) teaching that says
there's several lights at death. The clear light (whatever that means)
is the genuine one, the golden one is less genuine but enables more freedom
and other lights like smokey light are hell-like.....something like that.
So now I'm confused as to why some teachings say several lights and some mention only one light.....has it something to do with near death experiences possibly not being exactly the same process as actual death?
I don't know.
Would be great if someone more knowledgable on the subject let us know their opinion.
Maybe it's all guesses. Or maybe it depends on the cultural, perhaps how the mind
is conditioned affects how the process goes down.
Don't know what to believe.
Perhaps being a serious religious person might be a disadvantage
if you can be manipulated to think Jesus/other religious figure
is telling you to go into the light....when it might be some 4D alien thing tricking you.
Apparently they can also do that with family members and the taunting
of "karmic debt" which is likely bullshit because
why would "life be a test" if your memory is wiped each time?
That's the only thing I'm sure about.
(I.e. if some being says "you have to reincarnate because you've been a naughty boy, please sign here", be prepared to smell bullshit.)
That karmic debt = SCAM. So far it seems illogical
for beings to claim we're sinful because we keep repeating bad actions
but yet we have our memory erased, so why should we be punished?
No one is going to persuade me to reincarnate because
of some karma bullshit.
There is cause and effect but karmic debt sounds like
an astral version of the sneaky banker debt system lol.
Just food for thought. If god source split itself, I don't feel like all of those pieces are existing here on earth in the now... 

As a Mahayana buddhist, I believe there are many thousands or millions of worlds both similar and different from our own. Thus, we  fractions of god-source here on earth do not add up to the whole of 1, all spirits on earth are more like .000001% of that god-source with worlds numerous both in this universe and in other dimensions.

Basically one world in another dimension may be contracting to make up for an increase in individual souls here on earth. Each individual goes through birth and death, but so do civilizations and other worlds. 

Think bigger. What has been revealed is but a tiny glimpse of true knowledge. By the way, these Buddhist ideas are different from traditional Buddhism (Theravada). These ideas come mostly from the Lotus Sutra, considered scripture of the Buddha by Mahayana but not Theravada.Coke is where he found out about the other dimension. Got so hype he left this one. Triangle Ufo's have were seen back both in the 1800's as well as the 1500's. My opinion is that the huge ones are timetravel craft from either our future or another dimension.

Its Male Vitality from another dimension son ᕙ(⇀‸↼‶)ᕗWell, you can join whichever side you want.  Hopefully you pick the winning side.

Lucifer wanted to be above God, who created him.  Who knows how long this went on for and to what extent.  You could call it Mutiny maybe.  God had some very special "children", and what better way to get back at someone than to mess with their kids? So Satan deceived them, luring them in by saying they can become gods as well if they "eat the fruit".

I think God has been quite fair to both Satan and mankind, Satan is still pushing his "my way is better than God's way" agenda (Oneness, Source, ascension, next dimension, etc, -wide is the gate, and broad is the road that leads to destruction-) and mankind is still believing the lies rather than keeping God's very basic rules.I think we're gonna end up consciously move on to the 4th dimension. I don't think everything just goes black.
Something has to happen.I didn't always think it was flat. I remember diving into a 6hr Flat Earth video, and I got about an hour into it and thought, hmm that's interesting. But I never really cared too much for the whole debate. However, I already thought NASA were frauds. I've just seen too much damn evidence that shows how fake NASA and the ISS is. I think they put all of it in our faces. Hell, Simon Peggy, or whatever the dumb masonic bitch's name is, just broke the record for the most day spent in space. When she returns in September, she'll have spent 666 days in space. I've seen an astronaut with the eye of horus tattooed on him. All of the astronauts are masons. They get off on this kind of stuff imo. I think scientists, especially governments are certainly in on it. C'mon man, you think this New World Order stuff is just a joke? For the average person it is, but for them, it's their true end goal. 

They've hijacked this planet. They've infiltrated our language. I'm not even sure humans were supposed to have a language. We spend our weekdays in a weak daze until we're weakened until the weekend. We Languish in our languid language, in anguish ever since the ancient times of the Anglish angus and the phony Phonetic Phonics of the ancient Phoenician Pheonix. 

English was created from the ancient Phonic Phonetics of the Phony Phoenician Phoenixes, and it reflects the creativity and cunning genius of the human race, which, of course, is not a race at all, unless you're just another rat, caught in the daily maze of the rat race of this human race against one another.

We draw money from our banks which are the edges of a river, which FLOWS in CURRENTS to the SEA, which is why its called CURRENCY, because our CASH FLOWS like pyroclastic ASH FLOWS toward the SEA, which is why we can trace back the ROOTS of all modern TRADE to the ancient Phoenician TRADE ROUTES,

Spelling - spells. Writes - rites. Vowels - vows. Cursive - curses. Syllables - sibyls. 

This planet is fucked up to the max man. At least in my opinion. Everywhere I look I see the occult. You can type in just about any term, for instance "Mary Poppins Illuminati" and you'll get results. Hell, I'm sure you can type in "Whinnie the Poo Illuminati" and you'll get a decent youtube video on it. 

I truly understand how hard and how bogus it sounds to believe in God in 2017. We've got kids with bone cancer, hurricanes, tornadoes. We've got fluoride in our water, chemtrails in the air (bio-engineering, it's real, trust me). Our schools prevent critical thinking. Our government stymies democracy. Churches crush spirituality. Everything is upside down. 

It can be difficult to see through these evil fuckers in government, but when you let go and accept that they're working with evil forces, I just let go. The further I dove into the depths of darkness, the more I was fucking empowered by the light. I feel invincible with God by my side. You would probably think I'm even more crazy for believing in reptilians, and the goddess sophia, and christ. But I think this is one grand story for us to experience. I think God is about to reveal himself to the world soon. I just have this feeling in my gut that it's all about to fall down, really soon. I don't expect this link to help you much, but it just might. http://www.thepearl.org/Sophia.htm

I am very positive Sophia (goddess of wisdom) is a real entity, and that she leads you to Christ. She has appeared to me in a dream before. I know it was her because what she did in my dream she did in the dream that another youtuber had. She had otherworldly beauty. I've also had an otherworldly reptilian dream. 

I think these sick fucks are working with these reptilians that live in a different dimension. Hence the reason for child sacrifices etc. I think they use the adrenochrome in the blood somehow to work in this dimension. I don't fucking know, but I hope I find our real soon. Cheers. I always just assumed aliens were from another dimension, not necessarily far in distance in this universe.What woke me up: 

2001, First we had 9-11. I was confused and wondered why some Muslims would do such a thing. I had only recently been going online and mostly used my computer for email and sending photos to friends. I was also learning a bit about HTML. Been a life long construction worker and read mostly science fiction in my spare time and had no interest in politics. So long as I had my job and a few friends I was unconcerned. That changed with the slaughter of 3,000 of my fellow Americans in one horrible day. 

I accepted the government narrative and even reassured a friend who was about to go down the conspiracy rabbit hole. After all, I was a steel worker. So I knew quite a bit about steel buildings. Or so I thought. I had never worked on a large sky scraper. So I thought I would educate myself about Muslims because I still couldn't wrap my mind around why 20 or so guys would conspire to commit such horrible acts. Unfortunately there were too many holes in the Muslim attack scenario. FBI involvement and who paid for the attackers to be here. Who financed this became a question. And the whole Islamic thing began to take on a dimension I had not anticipated when I became curious enough to read a Koran. At the same time my daughter who was 2000 miles away living with my ex wife and her husband committed suicide over her conflicts with her mother. I was distracted from wondering much about 9-11 for the next two years and then mostly just went from temporary jobs around the country in shipyards with no clear idea of what else to do but get over my personal pain and come to grips with the idea of an only child being dead. But the questions remained. The details were still in the back of my mind and I read online from time to time about things that didn't make sense to me. Then I lost my condo due to changing markets and a slump in building and construction during the recession of 2008. I began to question our basic monetary system. The real world had a way of making me pay more attention and question basic assumptions. I researched everything I could on 9-11, the monetary system of USA. IRS, FRB and issues going back a hundred years. When you are single and have evenings alone reading stuff online is a good distraction. Fast forward to today, I look back and believe I was extremely naive and clueless ten years ago. I question almost all media reports unless I can get it from multiple sources. Even then I try to look beyond the simple reporting and focus more on why things are happening the way they are and who the players are and who they work for or are aligned with. 


In my mind, Hillary and her friends or associates who help her are pure evil. They are the source of many problems in the world today. Those aligned with her political ideology are nothing more than part of a world wide effort to keep the world's population either hopelessly ignorant and uneducated or at least brainwashed with constant media propaganda to the point they are not a threat. The rest of the small population that reads and questions are marginalized one way or another by a system that is stacked against them. Those who become a real threat to the rich and politically powerful are killed. It happens so regularly now that it's not even shocking. It's expected. Doctors who are a threat to big pharma are marginalized by firing or discrediting. If that doesn't work they are killed. Journalists are regularly sacrificed to the god of the super elite and powerful. Politicians are knocked off also if they become a problem. Trey Gowdy will talk a tough talk but what comes of it? Nothing. Comey makes the most outrageous statements clearing Hillary and her friends and nothing comes of it. It's all show. In the end, nothing really changes for the better. It took a national tragedy and a personal heartbreak for me to open my eyes and look around beyond my personal happiness. I think, for most people, that's just how it is. Grateful Dead made the perfect description when Jerry sang his song Ripple. The road to knowledge and awareness is indeed painful and lonely. Learn enough and you will find fewer and fewer friends until you learn to keep it to yourself.

Then one day you begin to question if you are the crazy one and the rest of the world is sane. Or just asleep.  One last-ditch effort to open a portal to the 4th dimensionThey are saying on C2C that large amounts of people saw craft for very long periods of time that were MILES LONG in size. Think about that: "MILES LONG IN SIZE". This would certainly not be current technology in 1997. These are either from our FUTURE or ANOTHER DIMENSION.That light is the Archons.  They will recycle you back into another body.  You will then be a free spirit with the power to choose what dimension you want to reside in. The bible is intructions and stories to our solar system. It's all tounge and cheek. We live in a holofractal universe, a simulation as such, the planets are alive and receive and distribute energy waves the same way we do and are basically massive IF statements(their names are the job role) sin is basically karma. Do bad and it comes back and is controlled by this massive planetary computer system. Imagine being conscious on the neutron of a atom,and there's a massive electrical storm There, it would look similar to our storms from earth but from our point in our dimension we have to use specialist equipment to just get a some dots on a screen and a volt meter telling us there was a electric discharge. I think hell is the punishment for doing bad (creating bad energy) and your moved back down a consciousness level. Do good and you move up(the final judgement/heaven ect). At the next dimension id imagine our solar system and the universe would be something tiny there and make complete sense of its real workings from that point of observation. I'd like to think this is the ultimate conspiracy and would explain every other conspiracy going This is someones Dream Experience that I came across:

"I once had a dream where I was about to incarnate into this 3rd dimensional reality. I was placed in an elevator-like room, which represented the descending process to earth.  I remember being in this place many times beforehand but could not remember what I was supposed to do next.  I was on the top floor (the 14th floor which meant the 14th dimension?).  My memory was so badly erased that I couldn’t remember how to descend to Earth.  This is a test we receive on the other side to see if any memories were remembered and if so, then you would have to go back and have them cleared again.

There were other tests to see what I remembered but I can’t recall what they were.

These were the last fragmented memories of the other side before I was born.

It’s possible that there is an elevator-like area designed to erase all of your memories from previous lives and the other side of the veil."Also, it is portrayed in the Bible as if this is some kind of shit-show circus. Refer to the Book of Job, where God and "Satan"/Deceiver actually bet on a man's fate. "He only loves you because you bless him. Give
Me control and he will hate You." -that is the argument proposed. As if an omnipotent being can't just look to an infinite amount of probable futures to get the answer. The Bible points to all this being some wicked game, and reality is often construed as an illusion. 

That's just great, because we ask to be tested constantly right? To be Your playthings? Milton was right when he wrote Paradise Lost, there has never been a deeper tragedy than this reality, and no greater anti-hero to our cause than the supposed Deceiver. Though God and the Son are eventually made out to be the victors. 

Lucifer commits evil acts to point out the hypocrisy of God, who rules under a complete feudal hierarchy (surprise surprise the Bible takes this turn, given what age it was compiled and translated in) with a strict authoritarian rule. Lucifer attempts to point that out to God, and that the higher dimension would be better served as a parliament or committee led system. When that idea is shot down, Lucifer leads a massive rebellion "Better to rule in Hell, than serve in Heaven". I would argue that Yahweh didn't think too much of free will. As the story goes, he created a paradise for us that contained no struggle, no suffering and no death, but hence lacked any and all incentive to evolve beyond that paradise of ignorance.

If the Ra material (The Law of One, the Hidden Hand dialogues) is to be believed, it was Lucifer (a group-soul of higher density/dimensional beings) was sent to earth to convince Yahweh to give us a chance to evolve in the karmic cycles by giving us a catalyst to do so.

So what we were given was a bright spark of curiosity and a sudden increase of hardship, forcing us to find our own ways and to continuously choose between serving ourselves or serving the whole of creation. Naturally, only the second approach will eventually lead back up the ladder of ascension, but we have to be shown and realize the things we are not so that we can choose to be our best selves. That is why the Luciferian group complex or higher dimensional soul collective has to be the bad cop in this game of life, to allow us to choose the good path with conviction.

So, if any or all of the above is correct, both Lucifer and Yahweh are neither good nor evil in itself, but wanted to achieve different goals in this game. Yahweh wished us to be good due to ignorance, worship and obedience, while Lucifer wants us to be good out of our own wisdom and free will. This also wouldn't absolve the Lucifer soul complex of its evil deeds in our dimension, as they would have to pay the price for it in the next karmic cycle. A prize they agreed to pay for our ascension.

And to be clear, I don't know if any of that is true, but it's a version of our story that resonates, so I'll entertain it for as long as it does so.Imo he is misreable and he should be placed in protective custody until his parents go on a rehab program to discover the differences between effective and non effective parenting strategies; and acceptable tolerances in child rearing. The kid is acting out in a dangerous manner and he will likely take his own life in a spout of depression to 'move. On' to the next dimension...

Thats how sick this truly is-Hell no, I want to go to the next dimension. The people involved in NWO know they cant, they've done too much bad. Probably why they dont want to die either.  Actually it could have escaped from a government lab. A similar creature was seen a few years earlier in downtown Bridgewater. Located in the famous "Bridgewater Triangle" which is about an hour away from Dover. My personal belief is it is an alien who crossed into this dimension. String theory is the dominant approach right now, and it has some successes already, but the question is whether it will develop to the stage where we can actually solve problems that can be tested observationally. If we can’t bridge the gap between this ten-dimensional theory and anything that we can observe, it will grind to a halt. In most versions of string theory, the extra dimensions above the normal three are all wrapped up very tightly, so that each point in our ordinary space is like a tightly wrapped origami in six dimensions. We see just three dimensions; the rest are invisible to us because they are wrapped up very tightly. If you look at a needle, it looks like a one-dimensional line from a long distance, but really it’s three-dimensional. Likewise, the extra dimensions could be seen if you looked at things very closely. Space on a very tiny scale is grainy and complicated — its smoothness is an illusion of the large scale. That’s the conventional view in these string theories. According to this theory, there could be other universes, perhaps separated from ours by just a microscopic distance; however, that distance is measured in some fourth spatial dimension, of which we are not aware. Because we are imprisoned in our three dimensions, we can’t directly detect these other universes. It’s rather like a whole lot of bugs crawling around on a big two-dimensional sheet of paper, who would be unaware of another set of bugs that might be crawling around on another sheet of paper that could be only a short distance away in the third dimension.techniques with certain foods/supplements really turbo charge the experience. try extremely aged blue cheese. eat it before bed. but only once a month or so. it literally throws you into the afterlife dimension.It feels like they're talking about the apocalypse, and while it's all happening they're just partying and getting drunk.

@0:10 it looks like they're passing through a different dimension

@1:09 Devil hold a golden cup(could be the golden cup of abominations from the Harlot in book of Revelation) with pills surrounding the she devil/harlot

@2:37  eye of reptile(dragon/serpent) in sky

@3:34 see horned devils in the clouds, possibly satan and his fallen angels

&gt;History channel said so

They also say that he and other Nazis escaped to a different dimension through a portal in the forest of Berlin.

So which is it?&gt;Either everything exists or nothing exists there isn't an in between.

I am talking the existence of time, and I subscribe to URL_REPLACED.

"time is neither an event nor a thing" =&gt; time does not exist

&gt;One view is that time is part of the fundamental structure of the universe—a dimension independent of events, in which events occur in sequence. Isaac Newton subscribed to this realist view, and hence it is sometimes referred to as Newtonian time.[15][16] The opposing view is that time does not refer to any kind of "container" that events and objects "move through", nor to any entity that "flows", but that it is instead part of a fundamental intellectual structure (together with space and number) within which humans sequence and compare events. This second view, in the tradition of **Gottfried Leibniz[17] and Immanuel Kant,[18][19] holds that time is neither an event nor a thing, and thus is not itself measurable nor can it be travelled.**
Thanks! And yeah I understand it's a hard message to get across because it can be contradictory. But I think that people who are in a balanced mindset will know what I'm trying to say. Blanket accusations and assumptions are bad. Facts and open minded conclusions based on facts are good. And it's good to preach that message of open mindedness and fact based logical reasoning because it can force people to take a look at themselves.

I just see too often people not *thinking*. They are too attached to their own emotions and opinions and get butthurt when what they thought doesn't turn out to be as black and white as they were told. 

In reality, everything isn't in black and white. The gray area appears to be getting larger and larger, and people need to start realizing that there's nothing BUT gray area. And that's why it's sometimes difficult for me to convey a message. Because I don't want to divide, but that's inherently what a message does in the first place. 

We are all trapped in this third dimension dominated by duality. Conflict. War. The illusion of progress. In order to *truly* make progress as a society, each individual must have an open mind and be unattached to their perceived "self". That's extremely difficult, and preaching that message can even be detrimental to the message itself. 

Awareness is the only way out. Consciousness. You are not your body. You are not your mind. Im saying it's time to set aside our bullshit pseudo differences, and come together as one fact and logic based community. Truth is absolute. There is no duality to a  legitimate logic based factual analysis. That's because you are taught to always acknowledge that there is another side, and to *qualify* the opposing opinion. 

Sorry but shit gets really complicated and I appreciate you commenting on how murky the argument is because it really can get contradictory. Actually no, I didn't. That third dimension is literally what this topic is about.Myself and many other people have been projecting into the "Astral Afterlife Dimension" for a long time now. I am doing this through various techniques, foods and vitamins that promote "Astral Travel". People who die move into a reality very similar to this. It is still mostly physical, although objects can be somewhat moved mentally. I have spoken with MANY deceased people who reside there. The controllers of this Matrix who are known as the "The Archons" are "Forcing People To Reincarnate". Some people will be tricked into returning to the Earth Prison immediately, but most will stay in the "Astral Afterlife" for roughly 20 years and then are given a b.s. speech that "earth is a school" (it is actually a prison) and that Reincarnation is for your "growth" or to correct "karmic debt".. Your memory is then ERASED and you are reborn to continue to provide physical/emotional energy that the Archons and the Matrix feed upon.. This is REAL... We must Cancel and Remove the "Soul Contracts" which have become energetic implants on our energy field. Everyone needs to REFUSE REINCARNATION and take back our FREE WILL...Right now, I feel like our minds are old friends sharing a phone call after decades without communication. It's the same way I feel whenever I find someone sharing a similar disposition towards our curious existence. This exploration into consciousness has really opened my mind to the idea that our journey doesn't end with this physical dimension.

"This body. This body holding me. Be my reminder here that I am not alone. We are eternal. All this pain is an illusion."I just want to say this is a great post, and I agree with most of your comparisons.

The only ones I don't quite agree with:

&gt;Taking it too far: We are being intentionally poisoned using mind-controlling chemicals to keep us docile. People with calcified pineal glands are spiritual zombies.

It's possible, URL_REPLACED - but it's not necessarily a dark scheme where they are trying to intentional do it to us.

&gt;Taking it too far: One cabal runs the whole world and everything in it. Everything is perfectly controlled. This world is a hologram simulation matrix. Nothing is real, this is just a video game or a dream.

I think there is some decent evidence for the overarching one-cabal idea -- the black pope and the jesuits who control the Vatican are at the centre of everything, have extreme wealth, and potentially a ton of secrets and artifacts.

I'm starting to believe our perceivable reality (ie. this dimension) and all other realities stem from a source holographic, fractal, "light-simulation." Each dimension arises through wave function collapse and the observer principle.  Learn more over at /r/holofractal!IDK, man. There is some pretty fucky stuff going on in the skies of Alaska. I think planet X may be in a different dimension. It possibly can weave in and out, for what ever reason(s). Pretty trippy shit... They are hiding stuff. Plenty of people are talking about it with video proof...AstralRocker had an interesting take on reincarnation. We can escape this world when we die by avoiding the white light because that's where archons disguised as spiritual beings try to convince us that we need to return to Earth and finish learning our lessons. You need to tell them no and that you're ready to transcend to a higher dimension. They can't make you reincarnate without your consent.The problem of the first actor is mundane philosophy. If you demand a first actor then that actor must also have a precursor, and so on and so forth. It's stupid, for lack of a better term.

The far more reasonable conclusion, and the one that is scientifically supported is that time is not linear. We only experience it as linear because time is our dimensional limiter. Just as depth is the dimensional limiter of a 2 dimension perspective. Nothing had to create anything because there is no creation point. You're just suffering from limited perspective and this post makes that clear. This is one of the best articulations for the power of symbols. Thank you.

I feel I've been building a psycho-spiritual scaffold for years, and while I ascend to the top it's teetering toward collapse (by design) under the four-dimensional strain. When it falls, I will remain suspended in place, having achieved stasis in the fifth-dimension2)Then there are the experiences of Cathy O'Brien, the mind controlled slave of the United States government for more than 25 years, which she details in her astonishing book, Trance Formation Of America, written with Mark Phillips. She was sexually abused as a child and as an adult by a stream of famous people named in her book. Among them were the US Presidents, Gerald Ford, Bill Clinton and, most appallingly, George Bush, a: major player in the Brotherhood, as my books and others have long exposed. It w as Bush, a paedophile and serial killer, who regularly abused and raped Cathy's daughter, Kelly O'Brien,, as a toddler before her mother's courageous exposure of these staggering events forced the authorities to remove Kelly from the mind control programme known as Project Monarch. Cathy writes in Trance Formation Of America of how George Bush was sitting in front of her in his office in Washington DC when, he opened a book at a page depicting "lizard-like aliens fro m a far off, deep space place."" Bush the n claimed to be an 'alien' himself and appeared, before her eyes, to transform 'like a chameleon' into a reptile. Cathy believed that some kind of hologram had been activated to achieve this and from her understanding at the time I can see why she rationalised her experience in this way. Anyone would, because the truth is too fantastic to comprehend until you see the build up of evidence. 'There's no doubt that alien~based mind programmes are part of these mind control projects and that the whole U FO-extrat errestrial scene is being massively manipulated, not least through Hollywood films designed to mould public thinking. Cathy says in her book that George Lucas, the producer of Star Wars, is an operative with NASA; and the National Security Agency, the 'parent' body of the CIA." But given the evidence presented by so many other people, I don't believe that what Bush said and Cathy saw was just a mind control program. I think he was revealing the Biggest Secret, that a reptilian race from another dimension has been controlling the planet for thousands of years. I know other people who have seen Bush shape-shift into a reptilian,This is one of the 3 most common interpretations of Atlantis I've found.

- Allegory by Plato

- Real Place that sunk or is physically lost

- Real place in another dimension of otherwise lost 


I find all to be very interesting. Do you happen to have any reading on the topic that led you to this? I'd be interested in reading itThe third dimension itself has this lower animal/ego construct. Duality is fundamental to the universe. In the 4th dimension, there is no time, that's why I think this 3rd is special. There are cycles. And you learn whatever your consciousness needs to learn during those cycles in this third dimension. This is all meant to happen, it won't just be evil and atrocious forever. It's periodical. Until we as a collective are able to break that barrier and get rid of duality, we're all stuck. But in outerspace it does look flat. Just like a hose from far away looks like a 1 dimensional string. Also in the 4th dimension you should be able to see in 3d its just that every point is conected to every other pointIt's possible that David Icke's high level sources give him disinfo to ensure he has plausible deniability. Or maybe it's true and we're in a realm with reptilians who descended from another dimension. You are correct. The "Aliens" are beings from the Lower Astral Dimension. They have been called many names through history such as "DEMONS".wow. that member called "taco" also said the ship had sort of a "translucent surface". it could be cloaking tech or the craft may be "Phasing" in and out of our dimension.If the planet is a plane, then that means that there is a creator, and if it is quite literally an infinite plane, then that could mean that this is a dimension (3rd dimension), and that entities could exist in lower and higher dimensions. This video goes perfectly with this subject. This man is a retired 20 year FBI Special Agent who clearly explains what is going on here. We have been completely ENSLAVED by Parasitic Aliens from ANOTHER DIMENSION https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvGF-iDU768It would make sense if Niburu/Planet X was in another dimension that it would be invisible to the naked eye but visible with certain types of photography. This eclipse over the USA will certainly be interesting this year. Maybe someone will see something in the sky at that time.Sadly, the "Aliens" are the "ARCHON HIERACHY". This is a group of various aliens including Reptilians, Greys, and Tall Nordics. They all work together in system that Harvests The Energy Of Their Victims. On Earth and in the Astral Dimension the NWO Shadow Government worship the ARCHONS, and help them enslave humanity...&gt; is that both EM and gravity are representations of the same force from a higher dimension

This is just a watered down layman's understanding of what theoretical physicists already believe, but over simplified and misunderstood.I don't know about awakening from the hypnotic slumber of the powers that be but I would say it can make one see on a different level, plane or dimension what is always and you. Giving one the realization that everything is working together in harmony as a single entity, connected much more deeply than what you see or hear on an average day. On the other hand if you are surrounded by negativity it can be the worst experience ever. Also check out this incredible interview with Jimmy Church and John De Souza regarding the truth that Aliens are from Another Dimension:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15PjqrYkbJII'd rather die then become a slave in this dimension forever.They operate in another dimension. So they can fight over this one without screwing shit up. /sAlthough it seems extremely similar to this dimension with houses, bars etc. The Astral can be very fluid and malleable if you choose. It can be shaped to some extent by thought, and this is actually much closer to our real nature than this "physical dimension".It's brilliant but terrifying...it adds a whole dimension to the scenario. What type of people? Scratch that...What type of society? Hmm... actually what type of reality are we experiencing where a parent would fight tooth-and-nail for the right to poison their children, but decline to expose themselves to the same treatment? Jah save us omfgIf this is true, Obama's smirking strut when he announced the murder of Osama takes on another dimension of chutzpah. 

Edit: But yes. I was always under the impression Osama died in December of 2001, after denying 9/11 involvement four times in September, and then the Neocons made a SFX version of him to be used for fear mongering propaganda. I heard people tell me the same about Obama. Nobody knows for sure about any of this shit. Keep praying, maybe you'll make it outta this dimension and up a rung next go round. As above so below my friend. The earth is very much alive just as the microcondria in a cell are alive and allows bacteria to live on it's surfaces to convert the energy it makes into something practical for the cell/it's universe to use. They do so wouldn't even noticing their part of something MUCH grander than they can see from their plain of existance. We give off co2, light in the form of protons ect. I couldn't imagine what were part of in next dimension but we should focus on our earth and keeping her healthy. She goes by many names, If you listen for her you can hear her song. Ask her name, She will tell you.Also, The Pentagon Labyrinth. POGO. 

http://dnipogo.org/labyrinth/

The Pentagon Labyrinth: Ten Short Essays to Help You Through It aims to help both newcomers and seasoned observers learn how to grapple with the problems of national defense.  Intended for readers who are frustrated with the superficial nature of the debate on national security, this handbook takes advantage of the insights of ten unique professionals, each with decades of experience in the armed services, the Pentagon bureaucracy, Congress, the intelligence community, military history, journalism and other disciplines.  The short but provocative essays will help you to:

    identify the decay – moral, mental and physical – in America’s defenses,
    understand the various “tribes” that run bureaucratic life in the Pentagon,
    appreciate what too many defense journalists are not doing, but should,
    conduct first rate national security oversight instead of second rate theater,
    separate careerists from ethical professionals in senior military and civilian ranks,
    learn to critique strategies, distinguishing the useful from the agenda-driven,
    recognize the pervasive influence of money in defense decision-making,
    unravel the budget games the Pentagon and Congress love to play,
    understand how to sort good weapons from bad – and avoid high cost failures, and
    reform the failed defense procurement system without changing a single law.

The handbook ends with lists of contacts, readings and Web sites carefully selected to facilitate further understanding of the above, and more.

Press / reviews:

    The Atlantic
    Forbes
    Barron’s
    National Defense Magazine
    Project On Government Oversight
    Mother Jones
    The Seattle Pilot
    Interview with Federal News Radio (with ads removed)
    North County Times
    Government Executive
    David Isenberg
    Truthout
    Video: Q&amp;A with Thomas Christie, Franklin Spinney and Pierre Sprey, moderated by POGO’s Danielle Brian
    C-SPAN’s “Q and A” Show interviews Winslow Wheeler

Download the whole book in .pdf format, or find individual essays and supplemental materials below. You may also purchase a copy of the book on Amazon.com.

Table of Contents

    Preface
    About the Authors
    Essays:

    Why is this Handbook Necessary? Franklin C. Spinney
    Penetrating the Pentagon. George Wilson
    Learning about Defense. Bruce I. Gudmundsson
    Congressional Oversight. Willing and Able or Willing to Enable? Winslow T. Wheeler
    Careerism. Col. GI Wilson, USMC, ret.
    Confused Alarms of Struggle and Flight: A Primer for Assessing Defense Strategy in the post-Iraq World. Col. Chet Richards, USAF, ret.
    Follow the Money. Andrew Cockburn
    Decoding the Defense Budget. Winslow T. Wheeler
    Evaluating Weapons: Sorting the Good from the Bad. Pierre M. Sprey
    Developing, Buying and Fielding Superior Weapon Systems. Thomas Christie

    Suggested Readings, Links, Organizations and Contacts

Materials Cited:

Essay #1: Why is this Handbook Necessary? Franklin C. Spinney

    “Genghis John.”  Proceedings of the U. S. Naval Institute. July 1997, pp. 42-47.
    Statement before the Subcommittee on National Security, Veterans Affairs and International Relations, Committee on Government Reform, US House or Representatives. June 4, 2002.
    The New QDR: The Pentagon Goes Intellectually AWOL. CounterPunch. February 2010.
    The JSF: One More Card in the House. Proceedings of the Naval Institute. August 2000.
    Defense Death Spiral, September 1998.
    Porkbarrels &amp; Budgeteers: What Went Wrong with the Defense Review. September, 1997.
    Defense Time Bomb; Background: F-22/JSF Case Study Hypothetical Escape Option. March 1996.
    Three Reasons Why the ATF Should Not Be Approved for Engineering and Manufacturing Development. July 23, 1991.
    Defense Power Games. October 1990.
    Defense Facts of Life, 1980.
    Shape Up and Fly Right: How to Build a Better Air Force for Less Money,1989


Essay #4: Congressional Oversight. Willing and Able or Willing to Enable? Winslow T. Wheeler

    The Week of Shame: Congress Wilts as the President Demands an Unclogged Path to War


Essay #6: Confused Alarms of Struggle and Flight: A Primer for Assessing Defense Strategy in the post-Iraq World. Col. Chet Richards (USAF, ret.)

    If We Can Keep It: A National Security Manifesto for the Next Administration
    Shattering Illusions: A National Security Strategy for 2009-2017

Essay #8: Decoding the Defense Budget. Winslow T. Wheeler

    1985 Military Reform Caucus Study
    2011 Straus Military Reform Project Study on DOD Inflation
    Air Force Cost per Flying Hour Data

Essay #9: Evaluating Weapons: Sorting the Good from the Bad. Pierre M. Sprey

    Systems Analysis Problems of Limited War
    M-16 Rifle Case Study
    Notes on Close Air Support
    Combat Effectiveness Considerations in Designing Close Support Fighters
    Coming to Grips with Effectiveness in Rifles
    Promise and Reality: Beyond Visual Range (BVR) Air-To-Air Combat
    “Nothing’s too good for our boys!” — Why Can’t DOD give us Quality and Quantity?
    Comparing the Effectiveness of Air-to-Air Fighters: F-86 to F-18
    Small Arms Weapons Systems Analysis: A Review and Evaluation
    Comparing the Effectiveness of Current Tanks
    The Terrible Cost of Not Testing with Real Weapons, Shooting at Real Targets
    Today’s OT&amp;E: Abuses and Remedies
    The Evaluation of Small Arms Effectiveness Criteria: Volume 1


Essay #10: Developing, Buying and Fielding Superior Weapon Systems. Thomas Christie

    Paper on Oversight from DSB Task Force on Acquisition Streamlining


Suggested Readings, Links, Organizations and Contacts

    America’s Defense Meltdown, Chapter 2: Shattering Illusions
    America’s Defense Meltdown, Chapter 3: Leading the Human Dimension Out of a Legacy of Failure
    America’s Defense Meltdown, Chapter 7: Reversing the Decay of American Air Power
    Combat Lessons from Lebanon and the Falklands
    Coming to Grips with Effectiveness in Rifles
    Land-Based Tactical Aviation
    Letting Combat Results Shape the Next Air-to-Air Missile
    “Nothing’s too good for our boys!” — Why Can’t DOD give us Quality and Quantity?
    Promise and Reality: Beyond Visual Range (BVR) Air-To-Air Combat
    Radar: shield or target?
    Strategic Bombing: Always a Myth
    The “Military Reform” Debate: Directions for the Defense Establishment for the Remainder of the Century
    Anti-Tank Warfare Seminar, October 14-15, 1976
    Proceedings of Seminar on Air Antitank Warfare, May 1, 1979

You are obviously not playing 14-dimensional chess like the elites. Michio Kaku says there are 14 dimensions. Mel Gibson will destroy any Jew or Jap in any dimension if you fuck with his family. Just look at his eyes in Braveheart, when he intrudes on Robert the Bruce while riding a horse.

Those are the eyes of a man who plays 14 dimensional don't fuck with my family. Also, the Patriot, and any other movie where you fuck with Mel Gibson's family. It is a losing proposition. And so, the Hollywood elite should probably not mess with Mel Gobson.I wanted to crosspost this comment and my reply from another sub: 

&gt; &gt; How do we do a real revolution without getting corrupted?

&gt;That's a question I've been asking myself. You're right, monetary corporate corruption is an inevitability. Nearly anything it seems can be twisted and wrung out until dollar bills are squeezed out. (Can't get blood from a stone, but capitalism keeps trying.)

&gt;De-centralization is an option. But it's not necessarily working in practice at the moment, as we've seen with a number of groups in this modern era. Perhaps a compromise in between. A sort of... organized de-centralization. Or perhaps even a centralized de-organization.

&gt;You familiar with Flatworlders? The idea that, to a flat land, a three dimensional object would appear flat. But it's an "illusion" because the flatlanders simply can't comprehend that third dimension.

&gt;I think forces in this universe are sort of the same thing. Corporations, exploitation, money, these are all the observable manifestations of an exocosmos being. We can call it Capitalism, we wouldn't be far off in flavor to call it Mammon, either. Many know it as the Invisible Hand of the Free Market.

&gt;Whatever it is, I fear 'waking up' isn't enough. It's a dragon compared to us, and mortals don't slay dragons.

Perhaps. But humanity has slain many other "dragons" in the past. Things that seem everyday to us probably would seem impossible for someone from thousands of years ago. Not only technologically, but culturally too. 

I like your idea of a de-centralized organized structure. Kind of like the thepiratebay website, or the blockchain. Something that serves the basic function of government, while not requiring any actual people to lord over us to get it all done. Like a standardized schema that everyone voluntarily follows. I think it is possible. 

I bet getting rid of Kings and Queens seemed impossible during the dark ages. We are now in a similarly dark age. Don't let it fool you. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/ShrugLifeSyndicate/comments/65i9d8/energy_vampires_how_we_are_being_tricked_in_to/dgai3pq/?context=3A counter argument to you're transcendence theory might be, throughout all time gone past and the infinite planets in the infinite Galaxies in our infinite Universe, by numbers alone there must be others who have not been repeatedly been set back like we have through asteroid strikes and the like.   
  
If it were a matter of transcendence and not the sheer distances involved in our infinite universe, again by the sheer numbers involved with infinity wouldn't some other group have already reached transcendence and have come to visit us.   
  
Or can we not communicate in this "physical dimension". Apologies if that's not clear or I've butchered the original theory.Great read. I still like to think that there are some visual, maybe even physical differences between dimensions that only we can see once we have ascended to that dimension.an alien/demon from the lower astral dimension. portals were created that allowed them to enter the middle astral and our dimension. to stay in these places they must ingest human blood and flesh as well as absorb a constant supply of low vibrational energy.It really depends on what you consider as being the difference between aliens and demons

For example, the argument could be made that demons (and by the same token, angels) are beings that exist outside our dimension with the ability to present themselves in our dimension.

I feel like the only *real* difference between the idea of demons and the idea of aliens is the religious aspect usually associated with demons.In much the same way we don't understand higher dimensions outside of theoretical models, we can't know what the afterlife could be until we actually perceive and experience it.

As far as outsmarting or otherwise eschewing the archons, it all depends on their dimensional state. Are they three dimensional? Then the afterlife is our escape -- but what escape involves dying to truly live?

Alternatively they are four dimensional. This means they can manipulate us in the third dimension and potentially in the afterlife if that is also four dimensional. In that case, we again will have to see what's going on. We cannot prepare for this potential event right now.

As far as frequencies, we shouldn't have to worry about any nonterrestrial creatures interacting with us assuming the frequencies work that way. If they can't get here and we can't leave, then I'd say we're somewhat safe.

I don't personally believe in archons or Gnosticism, but I am more than willing to entertain it and learn. It's more fascinating than other mainstream religions but isn't as arcane as the lesser known ones.

What WILL help you in a spiritual, physical, and intellectual way is to just be good to your fellow human. Help people, but also help yourself. Be happy or at least content. Because whether these archons or reptilians are literal or metaphorical, they still want us miserable for some reason. Resist. Go outside and start a garden. Write a book and don't care if you ever publish it. Play some Rock Band. Make bread from scratch. Take your SO on a nice walk. Forgive your enemies and pee into the wind.
I remember them to be, as well. Fuck this shitty dimension.Hi. The Lower Astral is the point of origin for Negative Aliens who may also be called "Demons". It is were the "Archons" came from but control this Simulation from the middle astral. I have seen grey aliens there torturing humans, but am not sure who would allow this to happen. It could be people that are dreaming and my belief is that many realistic nightmares are actually astral projections/lucid dreams into the lower astral, even if the person is unaware that they are in another dimension. People who were murderers or extremely violent tend to hang around the lower astral as it is like being inside an actual horrific slasher movie. Somehow portals were opened that allowed extremely negative beings entrance to the middle astral. This is also were beings such as mothman, spring heeled jack and shadow people came fromEvidence of ANOTHER Universe? Gravity is ESCAPING into other dimensions

 
Scientists say that gravitational waves could be the key component to help uncover the existence of another UNIVERSE.

Physicists believe that there is gravity which is escaping into extra dimensions. An extra dimension would basically create a ‘tower’ of high-frequency waves, and change the way gravitational waves stretch space. If these changes are detected by experts than we might actually prove the existence of an extra dimension.I come here from a whole other dimension: r/vegan that is. You people here are my friends and i have read your beliefs for years. And most of the time I've appreciated your contributions, but I am yet to be convinced of your love and appreciation for other beings. Please give me a moment to explain myself and the meaning of this post. 

Human beings are the _ONLY_ ones on the planet to consume other beings milk. Why is that? Becuase no animal need other race's milk! Human is the only one brainwashed (by their own race) into thinking other animals' milk is good for them.

Human keep dogs and cats in exclusive position in their field of appreciation, why is that? Because it has been done since time being and they are cute? Yes? Isn't that just one fking excuse to ignore the fact that "your" animal is just one of the other "unvaluable" beings in the nature?  Like you are in charge of any animal that happends to land into your illusional field of ownership? FUCK YOU! You dont own shit! You are just a fucking slaver who supresses other FEELING beings! 

What separates dogs' and cats' feelings from other animals' feelings? ASK that from yourself. Do they feel different? Are the different personalities? What makes human kill other animal beings? Lack of love? YES!

Human do not need meat to survive, it is true. Human Do NOT need meat to survive. Please listen to the follwin videos and learn. Remember: I love you. You are the source of power. I do not wish to harm you or anyone. I am glad to show you a path you've not come to see yet.

Be true to yourself and others.
Be vegan, a person who does not harm others. 

I very much would like you to listen and ponder of the following lecture by this great woker of the sleepers, the Best Speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es6U00LMmC4

A great lecture by Manly P. Hall: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfiPEniyugA
Not to get too esoteric; But I regularly visit the Astral Afterlife. Myself and some others such as Cameron Day do it through Astral Projection and Advanced Lucid Dreaming. It is basically all out in the open in that dimension. The controlling group are extremely negative beings originally from the Lower Astral. They are using humans as cattle for negative energy production. The Archons resonate with hate, pain, cruelty, terror and extreme perversion. The Global Elite work for them to keep us financially and spiritually enslaved...IThe ‘gods’ were never identified by the gnostics of old with God - the pleroma - but known as Aeons. The word aeon referred both to an eternal spirit being and to an distinct sphere or dimension of awareness. Not all aeons were seen as having incarnate forms but some were regarded as sending messengers or emissaries to mankind – Seth being foremost amongst these. The spiritual entitly calling itself ‘Seth’ and channelled by Jane Roberts described himself as part of a larger aeon or ‘pyramid awareness gestalt’. To such trans-physical entities, awareness gestalts or aeons belongs a knowing awareness of potentiality of such potency or power that it is the source of countless consciousnesses and actualities. In the words of the awareness gestalt, entity or aeon which Seth himself described as his spiritual ‘big brother’:

 

"Our entity is composed of multitudinous selves with their own identities…Physically you would find me a mass smaller than a brown nut, for my energy is so highly concentrated. It exists in intensified mass…perhaps like one infinite cell existing in endless dimensions at once and reaching out from its own reality to all others. Later, in your time, all of you will look down into the physical system like giants peering through small windows at the others now in your position and smile. But you will not want to stay, nor crawl through such small enclosures… We protect such systems. Our basic and ancient knowledge automatically reaches out to nourish all systems that grow……there is a reality beyond human reality that cannot be verbalised nor translated in human terms. Although this type of experience may seem cold to you, it is a clear and crystal-like existence in which no time is needed for experience…in which the inner self condenses all human knowledge that has been received through various existences and reincarnations….for all this has been coded and exists indelibly. You also exist now within this reality. Know that within your physical atoms now the origins of all consciousness still sing…We gave you the patterns behind which your physical selves are formed. We gave you the patterns, intricate, involved and blessed, from which you form the reality of each physical thing you know.
 

We are the voices who speak without tongues of our own. We are sources of that energy from which you come. We are creators, yet we have also been created. We seeded your universe as you seed other realities.


We do not exist in historical terms, nor have we known physical existence. Our joy created the exultation from which your world comes. Our existence is such that communications must be made by others to you.


Verbal symbols have no meaning for us. Our experience is not translatable. We hope our intent is. In the vast infinite scope of consciousness, all is possible. There is meaning in each thought. We perceive your thoughts as lights. They form patterns.


Because of the difficulties of communication, it is nearly impossible for us to explain our reality. Know only that we exist. We send immeasurable vitality to you, and support all of those structures of consciousness with which you are familiar. You are never alone…We have always send emissaries to you who understand your needs. Though you do not know us, we cherish you.


Seth is a point in my reference, in our reference. He is an ancient portion of us. We are separate but united.
 


-SETH on the Sethites of Old

The well-recognised Sethian stream of ancient gnosticism saw in the biblical Seth, the third son of Adam and Eve, and in his progeny, the bearer for mankind of **Inner Knowing or Gnosis. ** Seth was also recognised, like Christ, as an aeon – a trans-human entity. Seth was also the name of an Egyptian god of desert storms – a god who came eventually to be demonised. The trans-physical entity naming himself Seth whom Jane Roberts channelled, at one point addressed the members of her class in extra-sensory perception and had this to say about the name Seth, the god Seth and what it means to be a ‘Sethite’.


 

"There was once a god who was not a god – who was not a god, for you are dealing with legends. There was a god in ancient Egypt, and his name was Seth, and he was disreputable. And he threw aside establishments, and whenever other gods rose up and said ‘We are the truth, we are pure and we are holy’, this disreputable god stood up and, with a voice like thunder, said ‘You are nincompoops! .


And the other gods did not like him, and whenever they set up their altars, he came like thunder, but playfully, and tossed the altars asunder, and he said ‘Storms are natural, and good, and a part of the earth, even as placid skies are. Winds are good. Questions are good. Males and females are good. Even gods and demons are good, if you must believe in demons. But, structures are limited.

And so this god, who was not a god, went about kicking apart the structures, and he gathered about him others who kicked apart the structures. And they were themselves, whether they were male or female. Whether they thought of themselves as good or bad, or summer or winter, or as old or as young, they were creators. They were questioners.


And whenever another personality set itself up and said, ‘I am the god before you and my word is law’, then Seth went about saying ‘You are a nincompoop’ and began again to kick apart the structures. And so you are yourselves, in your way, all Seths, for you kick apart the structures, and you are the black sheep of the physicians, and the black sheep of your mothers and fathers, and your sisters and brothers.


And yet, the mother and the fathers and the sisters and the brothers listen, for they do not have the courage to be the black sheep, and they quale in the voice of the thunder that is so playful, though they do not understand it, for they equate loudness with violence, and they think that female is passive and the male is aggressive; and that war and violence must always erupt from the reality of mankind.


And you are indeed all black sheep of the universe, and Sethites have always been the black sheep of the universe.


Now to be a Sethite, you do not have to follow this Seth. You simply follow the Seth in yourself, and that Seth in you is a questioner, and an explorer, and a creator. And the Seth in yourself knows when to passively flow with the wind that blows through the window above a summer town, and when to go against the force of your environment. You were Sethites before you met me, and there was a Seth before I was Seth, and the spirit follows through the ages as you know them."
Seeing the pics is one thing but when you read the police  description it gives you a whole new dimension of what she went through. another thing, i thought i had read that if we travel the speed of sound, (maybe it was light, idr) that time slows down? if that's the case, doesn't seem like it could be the 4th dimension since we can experience that, unless it's the speed of light? this is really interesting and again thank you for sharing&gt;  But to believe the 5th dimension transition which they have been saying for some time now and it's always right around the corner and that disclosure is about to happen.

 the changes you are talking about are more like you being able to swim and there's no water to swim in, then nature provides a swimming pool *but you don't go swimming* in it!

 the 'transition' into 4th density is more like this, where the 'vibration levels' have been raised so it's now easier to think along those 4th dimensional lines *if you choose/wish* to think such thoughts and benefit from the changes -- it's like a 'vibrational pool' has been made available but *do you know how to* use it? Can you do a 4th dimensional freestyle?


 And the 'disclosure' *is happening right now* to the people who are looking, but most aren't, 98% of people DGAF about such things, don't think about them, don't speak about them, *don't care* in general about anything but *their* day to day existence

 to 'transition' to a higher dimension than this one, you *must learn* certain 'truths' ,, one of them being that this here now, is a kind of 'school' that 'gives us' the opportunity to learn *by ourselves*,, it doesn't 'spoon feed' it's students -- remember "god helps those who help themselves" ;DIn future Reddit, you will have one upvote per post dimension.  Check back here later.I'm not OP but if you want another persons opinion I'll gladly share my limited knowledge. I listened to this cameron day's interview about why he is no longer a light worker. He alludes to the general consensus that there are beings who are out there to drain our life force.(If you believe this which I do.) However I am weary of anyone saying to avoid the light but he makes a good argument.

His main idea that I think is very important is to trust yourself **above all**. To connect with yourself and then to connect with the earths core. But most importantly that these beings want us to believe a higher power or enlightenment is something outside of us that we are unable to feel or experience without guidance. Trust your instincts because beings that want to abuse us want you to worship them. As stated in an earlier comment, friendly beings will not want to be worshipped or offer promises of divine knowledge and then disappoint you when nothing happens. That is what they want so they have more "food for thought".

 It kind of goes along with what I believe that the spirit world is a seperate place we are able to visit.. But I believe to go further than that to connect to ourself as a whole, you must look within yourself. Could the astral realm be a hotbed of ill intention towards humans? Perhaps but I believe it is just an area they have infested and to put it simply co-opted our main communication channel with possible friendly entities. The idea of "archons" tricking folks into entering a new cycle of reincarnation that is seperate from the creators will is plausible in my opinion.  And seems to kind of align with the strategies of what we deem evil in our world. (Example CIA). To co-opt a noble intention and morph into their own will. 

We were given free will to use it, and surrendering yourself to a higher power has always sounded off to me. Even as a youngin 11 years old I believed in god but couldn't care less for religion as it is. Although I believe many are legitimate, I also believe their true core beliefs have been changed over history and translations. I also had this unshakable belief that reincarnation was very real. If our reincarnation cycle is false and we are being reincarnated just to experience pain and hardship is a valid observation. They could very well have trapped us in an imperfect clone of our previous dimension (Mandela effect anyone?) But one could also argue that pain and hardship lead to soul enrichment and a more mature outlook on life than someone who always had it easy. 

Anyway just my opinion my friend who is also me. We are all on a journey to learn what we are at the core of it all.What is the ascension to the 5th Dimension like, in terms of a feeling? Does anyone know?Basically we continue reincarnating into the third dimension, middle earth, and our emotions feed both the higher and lower dimensions. The Archons, 4th dimension negative, try and entrap us here as long as possible with endless war and division. It's the selfish hatred and fear they feed on. 

It's up to us to wake up and remember our true origins. To return home through service to others with compassionate fearless love for all that is.

If you have more questions as to specifics I'd be more than happy to share.Sometimes I feel like we're in the evil ghost dimension version of New York from The Real Ghostbusters cartoon.astralrocker2001 is an amazing contributor here. I don't know that astral projecting is actually escaping the matrix. It's quite possibly just another dimension within the matrix in which other entities navigate and live also.It's an international trend sadly. I was just watching a psychiatrist in Australia speak on complex trauma. She mentioned how girls are being sexualized earlier and earlier, which limits their ability to mature as *people* due to having these sexualized roles thrust upon them and puts them at higher risk for victimization. Lastly it degrades gender relations as boys and men learn to see all female people as purely sexual beings, rather than seeing the adult females as *people* with a sexual dimension. 

I blame mass media and the porn industry. Starseeds = wtf?

Wasn't aware of this, researched it and seriously questioning reality now. 

I've studied other theories on other beings, aliens, etc. but this is an interesting concept to ponder. It's almost a hybridization of reincarnation, and soul seeding from another dimension or alien. 

I fit the description of a Starseed perfectly, and also recently had several awakenings in the past year (hell even the past few months). 

My western ego likes to explain my difference from humanity due to the fact my DNA test results indicate I'm 84% less Neanderthal than the average human being, nearly .5% less than the average person. However, now my awakened being is questioning why my consciousness selected this body. Am I some kind of ancient Starseed? 

I can't say I've truly found my purpose yet but I'm frustrated with my reach to be able to help others. I want so badly to spread truth, and awareness that can help humanity but yet I'm on this incredible journey at that same time that I'm unaware of how to communicate to others.

Anyhow, who knows how much truth there is to any of this, but it's exciting to think about. I understand that many here are atheists and agnostics, but this is my understanding/speculation based on a decade and a half of research:

God and Satan are real. The world is run by satanists who are running pedophile rings so they can perform sex rituals that intentionally conjour demons and open gateways for possession. Many important powerful families are generational satanists who are born into it. The Rothschild family and the bushes etc are all from satanic bloodlines. The shape shifting stuff is just demon possession and the fact that demons can manifest in this dimension in any form they want. They can look like aliens are represented to look like according to abduction reports because aliens are actually demons. But to walk the earth they have to possess a body. And that requires a human being who is willingly or unwillingly possessed. Just like with Christianity, satanist can be true believers or just be posing.  

The reason these pedophile ring participants in high ranking positions are not busted is because all of the most powerful people in the world are satanists. They own the media that brainwashes us to be atheists and to think Christians and conspiracy theorists are crazy. Satanic symbolism is embedded in all the major corporate branding, movies, tv show's and songs. 

The church people who warned your mom were right.there is heavy subliminal satanic symbolism in children's cartoons. ( google satanic symbolism and Disney). Also, there are hand gestures satanists use such as Devil horns and the 666 hand gesture (also known as A OK hand gesture). You will see trump, bill Mahr, other top celebs and political figures posing with these hand gestures. It's not really meant to mean "A ok" or "rock on" when they use those gestures. The mainstream meanings were created later since secrecy is key to their agenda. You'll notice they will place their eye in the center of the hole they make with the 666 hand gesture which reinforces the satanic symbolism by adding the evil all seeing eye of lucifer symbol by highlighting one of their eyes in photo shoots and on film. It's real. That's why all of this is happening. It's a war for our souls as hard as it is to believe after decades of media brainwashing to think religion is bs. Christianity is the only true religion and Jesus is the only living God. This is what I've come to believe. It all makes sense and comes together when you look at it from the point of view of there being a God and Satan. Why else would mankind destroy the earth and eachother? We are being manipulated by a spirit world we no longer acknowledge. The satanists are using those symbols to cast spells on us while leading us away from God through mainstream media.Climate change is being caused by global ascension into the 5th dimension. It is a natural occurrence.URL_REPLACED 

What you call spirits are just entities which you cannot see. This is the 4th dimension. 

My family was...well let's just say far more involved in things than I ever knew. 
I first read the idea of a shift in consciousness from here

http://www.eliasforum.org/digests/shift.html

So I think the following is one of the ideas that had me hooked:

ELIAS: “The action of your shift in consciousness encompasses the entirety of your globe. It is not limited to any group, any family, any selectivity of consciousness within this dimension. It is all-encompassing. It is agreed, but you have also previously, in your terms, agreed within your religious focuses to be creating of prophecies and ideas of future events, also in your terms, which are probabilities. They are not actual realities that are unchangeable.”

-Basically the summary of that would be our biblical prophecies so many believe will be the event doesn't necessarily mean it will happen that way. Already many are questioning the absolutes in religion and our origins. But on a religious front you have this event of global flood, or other religious prophecy. This belief is contributing and lending energy to the event. The seas are rising. Caps are melting. So we are somewhat on that course of a flood.

From science you have a comet impact or a whole host of other doom scenarios. Those aren't quite the focus but will be soon. But anyway our science and religion has prophesied many things. Aliens. Light travel. These ideas of the future all become probable realities. Collectively we agree on which path to take. Though we have agreed to shift our consciousness, and unbeknownst to either religion or science.

But there is not much prediction about what that would be like. Becoming our higher self. Or cosmic awareness. What does any of that mean? See, we have no materialistic predictions of what the shift in consciousness will be like. But that's the path we are really on.

Consciousness is awareness. People aren't quite Aware yet. The collective is not quite Aware yet, and that is because we aren't done shifting because our events are how we wake ourselves up.

Well that's passive aggression then.

Mind control is very aggressive and shitty.

Fuck the extraterrestrials!

Or maybe they're just demons from another dimension, telling us all these lies about our origin.I'm not sure. This is all speculation. 

But if 'time' is your highest concern (Why make the experiment take billions of years...?), I do think it's worth considering whether or not these ET's -- who, we are discussing, might be capable of creating the human being -- exist *within* time. In truth, time is an illusion that is used by the self as a means of being able to understand the phenomenon that is change. In higher dimensions, 'time' isn't something we'll have to deal with, I think. In order for change to be experienced as change, one must exist within time. In a higher dimension, change is more likely viewed as 'happening' -- not something within time -- and thus there is no longer that limitation of time.

Haha, sorry. I get deep with this stuff. But you sort of have to, because these topics always consider physics and certain phenomenons in their understanding. Beyond that, when you go through a spiritual awakening to reality, a fundamental pillar of your reality becomes the truth that the only time and place you have ever been is now. In that sense, in the 3d world, time is also illusory. What is the past? Now. What is the future? Now. What is now? What is. This sort of mode of thinking/realizing is what makes me think along such relatively insane lines haha.There are other populated planets in this dimension and also the Astral Afterlife within this Simulated Reality. They parasitically drain all of them.It's because The Windsors are Draco Reptilians able to shift from the sub space 4th Dimension, into the 3rd dimension and take on human form.

Queen Elizabeth = Queen Victoria in a new "model of skin".

You think I'm kidding, but I'm not.

Queen Elizabeth is the Whore of Babylon and the governing seat of this Mystery Babylon is London, which secretly runs the world via financial haven, City of London, adjacent to actual London.

Ashkenazi Zionists are the Synagogue of Satan who falsely proclaim to be biblical, Abrahamic Israelis. Israel is actually the anti christ. 6 points on the flag, six triangles, six sided pentagon. 666....it all then comes together to create a Pentagram.

Israel serves Mystery Babylon, as does the United States and nearly all western governments via their own Deep States being but one appendanre which comprises the global Cabal / Deep State.

September 23, 2017.

Exercise your free will and defeat drive out the Darkness, or suffer the same, abrupt ending to civilization which has happened many times before when humanity comes close to freeing itself from this unknown prison and finding the truth of space / the heavens.

Iran and Russia are actually one of humanity's last hopes right now.

Do nothing and Darkness will wipe out most of humanity, for another reset, before you ever realize that Darkness has masqueraded under cover as Light for decades.

Princess Diana was killed because she knew about 9/11 and how the wholeof The Windsor family are Dracos. The CIA began outsourcing all of its illegal, immoral and "out of this world" operations to private defense contractor companies in 1973 when its then acting director did the right thing and exposed CIA activities which became known as the Family Jewels (made public in 2007). Mossad runs ISIS in tandem with these private defense contractors (DynCorp...Dynasty Corporation....and also Stratfor, which is FAR from just an intelligence publication). The intelligence agencies of Middle Eastern Sunni Islamic countries are involved as well. All of these agencies and ISIS are, at the end of the day, run by MI6. The Draco returned to Earth in the 1560s via the Celestial Battle of Nuremberg. This was the "Battle of Heaven and Hell" prophesized by the Bible...which is a very real historic narrative of 4th dimensional beings of Light and Dark, with Jesus as a human who channeled the spirits of Light which work as the "Holy Spirit" intermediary to The Godhead (Universal Force of Light)....and John Milton was correct in Paradise Lost that the battle had taken place and that Satan/Lucifer and The Fallen now occupied Earth. Antarctica is not home to beings which will destroy the Earth; it is home to beings which will defeat Darkness / The Fallen / The Cabal.

Ask Stratfor why they talk in emails about how they created the Men in Black long before the movie ever existed.

Ask Stratfor why they had operatives inciting the 2008 Republic of Georgia riots which lead to Georgia attacking Russia and not the other way around.

Ask Stratfor why they had "special agents" at WTC 1 on 9/11

Soros = Hungarian

Stratfor founder = Hungarian

Hungary...the quiet and unassuming nation you never think about...has had far larger of a role in all of this the past 400 years than you'd ever imagine. Look into "The Martian Scientists of Hungary". A species like ours, yet far more advanced, once lived on a very lush and hydrated Mars. Draco attacked and ruined it all.

Tesla was actually a Venusian. Not sure if any beings still exist on Venus.

Forces of Light and Dark walk among humanity and have for quite some time.

No one is coming to save you unless you stand up, exercise your free will, and start viewing yourself as one world of brothers and sisters...race, ethnicity, social status, wealth be damned...and judge all actions as either serving the Universal Force's inherent nature which is Light...or rebelling against it and creating Darkness.

Fight and you have a chance.

Sit by, do nothing, you've signed your death warrant, and the cycle restarts.

All has happened before and all will happen again unless the past is learned from and, where humanity succumbed to Darkness, you make note of that and course correct going forward. "To come again and judge the living and the dead."

So say we all.my theory is demon possessed men working together to open some kind of portal into a spiritual dimension in an effort to release unknown numbers of trapped evil spirits upon humanity. maybe they are doing it in intervals so that all hell doesn't break loose at once?

*i rebuke any evil works these people are doing in the name of Yahsua Christ.*They can only 'diddle' with you so long as you exist within the dimension where you are an identity that can be toyed with. What you are is consciousness. Maybe work to let go of attachments and try to meditate into, in a sense, becoming the present moment. In that moment, you can often *really* see what you are. What you really are cannot be diddled with, but one must first authentically recognize that one's identity is a clever illusion and that what one is, in truth, is the totality of being. This is the age of delusion, where mankind believed it was its own thoughts about itself. Soon, we will awaken, I believe, to the fact that each of us is conscious awareness -- we are the thing in which all thoughts have taken place, rather than the thing that our thoughts have created. Once you see that, like *really* see that, you're free. What you are is infinite and untouchable.

That is the safe place, man. Nothing can touch someone who has undergone self-realization. Congressman Rohrabacher and Dr Kenneth Farley are part of a massive deception ..

&gt;Despite NASA's denial and its refusal to release more than a smidgen of data returned by various spacecraft, scrutiny of material that is available reveals abundant evidence of human and other life forms on planets Mars &amp; Venus.

 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3ob.jpg Spirit PanCam Sol 1359.

&gt;A carved bust photographed in Gusev Crater on Mars by NASA's Spirit Rover in 2008 shows a robed figure wearing a crown, that he could pass for a modern man turns Charles Darwin's URL_REPLACED on its head, as well it refutes Adam and Eve and the notion men evolved from Ethiopian ape brutes.

 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/uu9.jpg Head &amp; Shattered Masonry Curiosity Sol 969.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/b7g.png Martian Salamander Curiosity Sol 1640.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/c00.jpg Metal Flange With Bolt Holes, Opportunity Sol 4689.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nn.jpg Forged Steel Spear Point, Opportunity Sol 3756.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nf.jpg Martian Fox, Opportunity Sol 985.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nh.jpg Live Martian 1, Curiosity Sol 127.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nj.jpg Live Martian 2 &amp; Stone Face. Curiosity Sol 300.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nk.jpg Live Martian 3 Opportunity Sol 1682 Part 1 .. Part 2.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3no.jpg Petrified Human Hand &amp; Foot, Curiosity Sol 608.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nl.jpg Dead Martian 1, Opportunity Sol 4183.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nm.jpg Dead Martian 2, Opportunity Sol 4182.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3oo.jpg Dead Martians 3 &amp; 4 Opportunity Sol 4182.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nw.jpg Martian Whale 1, Curiosity Sol 1276.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3nx.jpg Martian Whale 2 &amp; Crocodile Skull, Curiosity Sol 1281.

&gt;Curiosity Rover landed in Gale Crater which is three miles deep and one hundred mi across, which means the impact that formed the crater displaced some 7,500 cubic miles of volcanic ash, to reveal an ancient surface that is in large part intact!

&gt;The ash blanket that covers much of Mars' surface came from successive eruptions of volcanoes on the Tharsis Shield, which are said to have occurred between "3.7 billion and 500 million yrs ago." Wiki.

 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/uj9.jpg Stone Platform, Curiosity Sol 529.

&gt;The classical civilization that produced the statues and built the stone platforms predated the Tharsis eruptions, which enlarges the evolutionary time frame out of sight, as well it adds the dimension of space travel.

 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3ok.jpg Skulls on Planet Venus 1.
 * http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3om.png Skulls on Planet Venus 2.

&gt;Data returned by the Soviet Venera program that went from 1961 to 1984 which has similarly been kept under wraps, proves there were humans on planet Venus.

It's a symbolic representation of another dimension of our universe. If anything it's an astral body, it exists on the astral plane of consciousness. That's an idea I've been playing with lately. I'm looking for a bigger picture cause you and I know what they feed us through msm channels is a lie. Btw I sent you an invite to my sub. URL_REPLACED inter-dimensional energy sucking vampires, the 12 dimension and holograms

lol
We do not need to come together as redditors. You are already near people everyday, people who you can help, I guarantee you there are people with hands reaching out into the community, but no one is reaching back to them.

Don't lose hope, if you lose hope, I will lose hope, so I will tell you that I have hope that some day, everything will get better, and their will be far more love in the world. Some of the most stressful stuff I have ever faced has been forced upon me, but I will never lose hope because their are people I see everyday I can help, talk to, etc. 

You feel it. It's not that you are preachy, it seems to me that you are evolving into a more empathetic and spiritually aware person. 

Where the fuck do we start?: There are people in our city, our neighbourhoods, maybe even in your home that need a loving hand, a guide, someone to show them how to take the first steps. 

Can we, as a sub, band together to expose the real enemy/conspiracy?: Why? We already have, we are all here, yes we have been infiltrated and harassed, but in the end they made themselves look stupid. 

Obviously it is near impossible, but can we put together concrete evidence to at least give us a start?: No. We have tried to do this for years, and we have ever presented concrete evidence, comet pizza being a good one, anyone remember the "shooter event" where they moved the CCTV camera on that street watching the pizzeria during that day, so they could gut the place? People believe it was an actual fucking shooter. My mom thinks someone died during that day, she is fully controlled sadly.

We can call it the "NWO", but that's not an actual name.: No, we aren't going to call them by anything like that, they are parasites, people who must use others to even survive. Nothing is more spiritually weak or pathetic, un-empathetic as being unable to survive without controlling people. Control is the ultimate form of fear. Soo much fear, they MUST have control, so they can put that "fear" to rest. 

I don't know anything for a fact, but in my heart, something tells me their is Divinity, your right, it doesn't give a fuck about us atm, this dimension is clunky, dirty, and pathetic in terms of how the third dimension has been explained compared to higher dimensions. It is waiting for us to decide, or do something here, before it lends a hand. There are many gifted people in this world who will tell you it feels like they have a guardian spirit, I believe it is just some form of higher Divinity that is "unlocked" after an "achievement or task".

Who are the elite, if they must have control due to their mass fear, if their is something more than this life, then they are truly weak, controlled, and used, they may have control of us, but in the next dimension, they are likely someones slave. It is said masons/cults/elites/etc know about other dimensions and etc etc, if these people know their is something more, why would they have fear? 

To me, it seems like these people have submitted to something that is not Divine, for power here and now, and their fear stems from some type of prophecy/or something a long the lines that they have submitted their souls, and they can no longer walk the Divine path. 


If your serious, just worry about what change and hope you can bring to the world surrounding you everyday. 

P.S: I recommend avoiding talking to anyone IRL about taking action in regards to conspiracies, enough action has been taken in the past and the results of those actions (nothing) have shown us that it is not the right path.In my dimension you are blocked , does that make you a rock? Cya in another world.Ah, this seems a good enough place to drop this word picture:

&gt; a somewhat parallel Earth, or even into another time frame of the Earth they were in

If we consider time in itself as a true dimension such as the 3-d of space, we can think of "sideways" time, when "straight" time, which aligns unidirectionally from past to future, is seen as a layer of simultaneous times separated from each other by contingency (that is, the many possible actions that could have been taken in this world but were not).

We actually use this expanded time dimensionality quite commonly in ordinary speech and thought. We say "The British might have defeated the Colonists and the USA would not now exist." If that contingency (the American Revolution was stopped) had both been a real possibility, and then had actually happened, then there would at present be a "parallel world" in which we would have a very different political history (assuming "we" is meaningful, since perhaps "we" would never have been born). However, if we think only of the contingency of the most recent presidential election (had Clinton not Trump won), then the alternative "time frame" would be very similar to the present reality, just with us talking about different political events than the ones we actually are.

Science since the Greeks has been pretty strong on the unreality of contingencies. Our linguistic structures are well-adapted to orient conversations as to whether what we are saying has happened, could have happened, is happening, will happen, or might happen. The very definition of science is based on throwing the statements about "could have happened" or "might happen" out the window.

The exception of course is the science of statistics and probability, which deals with contingency directly. Like the weather, a flipped coin, a rolled dice, or any other randomly generated number cannot be predicted, because we cannot measure the multitude of influences that will cause the result. Like an atom discharging a subatomic particle to kill a Schroedenger's Cat, only the ability to measure any contingent result is sufficient for science to admit its reality. 

Hugh Everett's multi-universe interpretation of quantum-scale randomness is the suggestion that two parallel universes are created when the cat either dies or lives. 

The Philadelphia Experiment somehow transported into such a parallel universe, and barely made it back.

One more comment: most people miss the implications of living inside an infinitely infinite swarm of possible universes, both at the largest (infinity of universes), the smallest (infinity of particulate structures) and personal (infinity of life-stories).
Nibiru/red dragon/destroyer is not from "space" but the other dimension. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/EjEOT

This can be confirmed through descriptions in the bibles and historical art. 

"The body of the dragon was wreathed in a cold bright light and beneath, on the belly, was a ruddy hued glow, while behind it trailed a flowing tail of smoke."

https://m.imgur.com/a/XkgEM  
https://m.imgur.com/a/kXPNI  
https://m.imgur.com/a/oLYl2


Damn - I've started watching this video and it's not only time travel into 1970's television news, but it's travel into another dimension - when mainstream media actually performed real journalism.  Amazing.  (You should post the video separately so more will see it.)  Now, back to the video-tape...They're in a different dimension , they can see us but we can't see them unless they take form of something in our dimension. The rich and high level politics work with them. And they will be the ones who are part of the "Alien false flag attack" that is coming very soon.Adding another dimension to this tactic. In the future...Vote Yes for Jared Kuschner for President or Vote No for Jared Kushner for President. lolFascinating. My theory is the Ancient Egyptians came from another dimension.Time exists differently in the dimension you perceive it. When you are excited and having fun, perhaps your conscious is in a in-between dimension where time moves faster.This worldview you have bought into is a reskin of Christianity. The world is secretly ruled by evil and Satan and we're all ignorant slaves, but there's a secret truth that will bring us to an eternal love dimension after we die? 

I have heard this story before. It even has an evil reptile in the first chapter.I have been in a daze the past few days. I kept commenting how I don't even feel like I'm in the same place like my mind is wandering in some other dimension. I have been on a journey of self discovery for awhile and life has never been so interesting. It's like I'm watching a movie if anyone can understand that. 

It's awesome to see others talking about this stuff. Love you all!!!!Im not being a dick when i ask, what do you personally believe a demon is?  Some primordial spirit banished to hell trying to penetrate our world?  Or a being from another dimension?

Personally i dont believe in hell as a place of existence at all.  No pain, no thought.  No scary monsters poking you all day.  I believe hell is just nothingness forever...eternal death. 

To me exorcism is a trick to futher the burning hell myth perpetrated by beings from another dimension aka demons aka aliens aka archons.

Just my intoxicated thoughts...A closet satanist is one who won't publically reveal that they are a satanist since it's known that some satanists perform illegal activities such as drink blood of and have sex with children and animals. The spiritual world is better to use as a description since the fourth dimension is a difficult concept to convey or understand. A three dimensional shadow can be reflected from the fourth dimension into our dimension or something like that that I can't explain well off the top of my head. It can reflect inside its mirror image in the fourth dimension blah blah blah. Sounds like a hologram. Maybe demons exist in that dimension and under a certain light can project their shadow into our dimension.  Our brain sees things 2 dimensionally and has to use reasoning to see it as 3d.  Somehow we see these 3d shadows projected from the 4d when our critical faculties are lowered. Perhaps our rational minds can only see these shapes in a half alert state which is why humans tend to see demons when falling asleep or meditating or drugged. It doesn't follow our natural laws so it's out of context of what most people or I can easily follow without putting some time into researching it. As an anology similar to trying to understand the fourth dimension in order to believe demons exist, I can acknowledge a light bulb is using electricity without being able to explain exactly how it's done. I'll just call it the spiritual dimension so I'm not tying it to an existing scientific theory. 

&gt;"Little, if anything, is gained by representing the fourth Euclidean dimension as time. In fact, this idea, so attractively developed by H. G. Wells in The Time Machine, has led such authors as John William Dunne (An Experiment with Time) into a serious misconception of the theory of Relativity. Minkowski's geometry of space-time is not Euclidean, and consequently has no connection with the present investigation."
&gt;-H. S. M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes[2]:119

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four-dimensional_spaceMy take on the "disclosure is around the corner" is that no one actually knows for sure and it depends on how fast humanity wants to wake up. In the bigger picture disclosure is right around the corner even if it takes 20 years. From what I've read, the apparent advanced and benevolent ET's are waiting for humanity to evolve as a whole spiritually/mentally before they come out and greet us lol.

It's difficult for a lot of people to care or even have interest in this stuff. But if you take a bunch of psilocybin mushrooms and stare at the sky for a few hours you might be 100% convinced that a love imbued intelligence from another dimension definitely exists. The "aliens" might be a lot more mysterious and different than hollywood has portrayed for us. We need to decondition our minds and open our hearts further before we can jive with the intergalactic hippy people.No, I think Spicer might in fact be an idiot. Trump I could see playing regular dimension chess (not well) but Spicer is just kind of a useful idiot.he lives in the dimension trump is playing chess inHe won't. I have been doing a lot of thinking lately, with a little help from psilocybin friends - and let's just say I have some pretty crazy theories about this existence.

Unfortunately, this dimension is kind of fucked.For those interested, the spoken words he is referring to in the Bright Eyes song are below:

"If there is no such thing as time, you're already there, and you're controlling this cycle. You say, "Man, look what we found here, Einstein, " or whoever you're talking to, Tesla - whoever you're talking to. Problems of the future can be solved by mankind because you create them. And you have to believe in the future, it's what we have to do. We progress, we always progress - we try to. So the Sumerian tablets, they say the same thing like Genesis said, that there were chariots of fire that came into the sky. And these beings got out of them, and they walked like a man but they had reptilian features. They had snake-like eyes, a tail, and, uh, scales, right? And they were - they were here, and they made slaves out of the people. And where they landed in is what the Bible calls the Garden of Eden. They were trying to inbreed with the people here. The women would die, the babies would abort. But after two thousand years they started taking, the babies started being born and living. And they had tails, they had a few reptilian features. They could phase shift from one dimension to another dimension, and the people who know say it's from the fourth dimension - the next dimension. Space is expanding; there are spirits coming from the center, right? We're going counterclockwise. There's supposed to be eight other universes going counterclockwise, and that's called Superuniverse, you know? And love's always been the message. It's just - circumstances happen, right? People freak out, just flat flip out, you know? Well, that's where Hitler came from, Hitler came from that way. He was an outspoken, charismatic yeller. And, and all these people said, "Hey, we'll use this guy, hey, look at all these people listening to this guy." You know what I mean? And so that's just what the trip's like, that. You know? It still exists, and their bloodline goes back - back into Sumerian times. You know, they didn't call it reptilian, they didn't call it that. But they did, because they called him Satan, they called him the Devil, and it's the same damn trip. It's a negative force, coming in on a positive force, because it's a third dimension, right? And for it to solidify or to crystallize, it has to have both elements, right? And you have to keep it in balance, or it will, it will, one of them will destroy the other..."Hi. It is very frightening and at a certain point heartbreaking. I have read all the spiritual material for decades and sadly it all ended up here. Reincarnation and Karmic Debt are limitations that have been used to enslave previously "Eternal Limitless Beings". The good news is that there are caring people like you and me who can change this horrible system.  I will no longer allow my memories and personality to be stolen from me. I will no longer allow this to be done to my loved ones or anyone else. To go further, there are people who are trying to save those who are now in the the Astral Afterlife who are waiting to be be brutally recycled. The group running the earth 3rd dimension are the Satanic Global Elite. Everything they do is for their insane and brutally cruel masters: The Archons. It is time for anyone who has "woken up" to do the "heavy lifting" and end this madness. Most will ridicule and spit at you as you attempt to free them and everyone else from never ending slavery. I get insulted constantly from people here, but I will never give up the quest to free humanity...I'd bet it's less at the very top. Obviously you have various levels. But when the people who have been "briefed" start explaining how there is this group of people that is somehow communicating with a higher dimension, or at least BELIEVE they are, it always gets hazy because there is just no evidence.

The best evidence I've ever come across is a couple interviews with people that supposedly witnessed some type of entity during a satanic human sacrifice ritual. But there are so many people that just make shit up, or believe they are seeing things they really aren't, so who knows.

All that being said, I think the real number of people involved with that at the VERY top is smaller. I would think less than 300-500 at any given time as people die off and new people are brought in.Most absurd is easy, flat earth. Or maybe the whole reptilian beings from another dimension feeding off negative energy, at least the literal interpretation. The latter at least makes for an interesting read though.You'll be less dense, lighter and freer, you'll take your crystalline human body with you and it will be healed.  Society will be based on laws of nature and love and light.  The 5th dimension is always here, right next to us, it's just that we can't see it because we're at a lower frequency on the radio dial and haven't tuned in yet, but the veil is very thin and the higher dimensional beings are communicating with us constantly, waiting for us to arrive.

edit:  a word&gt; Ok cool i can agree with the metaphor, so how is CERN bringing demons into our reality?

Because the scientist there are creating mini momentary black holes + they don't have any knowledge about Spirit/Nonlocal consciousness of various sorts.

So imagine for a second we have a a multitude of various dimensions, some could very well be non-physical 'spirit' based dimension. Now what of these said mini black holes they create in Cern, have their other end spontaneously pop up/open in this other dimension with said non-physical 'beings' in it who all of a sudden get the idea to enter into our dimension through these momentary black holes? And what if these 'beings' are malevolent and unseen?

There is a lot of possibilities like this I think reptilians might be demons themselves. I think ET's might be the great deception. I think reptilians live in a different dimension. I'm not sure if ETs exist as of yet.Hi. Hell is the lower astral. It is where nightmares occur and it is a real area. I have been there. It is like waking up inside a horror movie times 10. The Archons are originally from the lower astral. This is not a school it is sadly a prison planet. Interesting you say that about the vril. It has been thought that the inner earth is at least partially in the astral dimension. I met a group of aryan type people in a Lucid Dream and they confirmed this to me. The vril people are very fishy. Cameron Day feels they pretend to be the good guys when actually they are part of the Archon Hierachy. So yes, they may have a role in the enslavement of humans in this matrix.Just use one of BezosTheClown's aliases:

- Jeff Beelzebubezos

- Jeff "Competent Dr. Evil" Bezos

- Jeff "Who's Nirvana?" Bezos 

- Jeff "King Koopa Troopa" Bezos

- Jeff "The Inspiration For Bond Villains" Bezos

- Jeff "BTK Killer" Bezos

- Anti-Christ

- Jeff " The Margaret Sanger-John Rockefeller School of Human Resources" Bezos

- Jeff "I Make You Forget Self Reliance" Bezos

- Jeff "Slave Labor is Character Labor" Bezos

- Jeff "You think I built all this from books?" Bezos

- Jeff "CIA bank me like Pac &amp; Biggie" Bezos

- Jeff "Moby and Mr. Bean's Love Child" Bezos

- [Jeff "Pee-Wee's Big CEO Adventure" Bezos] 
(https://68.media.tumblr.com/bd5efaeac9443f968a04b8323e7a1d6c/tumblr_nlfo9vvisF1s44xq5o1_500.gif)

- Jeff "In Defense of Jared Fogle" Bezos

- Jeff "Transparency? It's called Transparent you bigot!"
Bezos

- Jeff "I Wish Man In The High Castle Was A Documentary" Bezos

- Jeff "Idiocracy is Mein Kampf Masked As Satire" Bezos

- Jeff "Ask Alexa About Order 66" Bezos

- Jeff "Selena Gomez Is The True Selena!" 
Bezos

- Jeff "Gone Dirty: How Mr. Clean And The Bogdanoffs Came To Rule The Third Dimension" Bezos

- Jeff Soros Bezos

- Jeff Judas Bezos

- Jeffrey Dahmer Bezos

- Baal Bezos

- Moloch Bezos

- Satan

- Amy Schumer


Kudos to all the young Padawans who got the Selena joke and/or know Pee-Wee Herman.


URL_REPLACED

Kudos to all the young Padawans who got the Selena joke and/or know Pee-Wee Herman.Full text below:


Mike Quinsey 4/28/2017


There is much activity taking place in Antarctica and discoveries are being made that will alter your history that barely covers your true Human development. There are very interesting finds such as the bodies of extremely tall Beings, frozen exactly where they were when the freeze came upon them. They came from a period many, many thousands of years ago and it is not intended that you should get to see them. Those controlling such events want to continue keeping you in the dark and keep the full truth to themselves. However there are also those who are fighting for full disclosure and that is likely to happen if they get their way. Certainly with only a small number of years likely before Ascension takes place, there is a sense of urgency to get the truth out into the open. It is your history that needs to be rewritten and you have a right to learn the facts and they cannot be withheld forever.

These times are very testing for most people, particularly for those who have little knowledge of the truth. They cry to God asking for release from their experiences, without knowing that they are necessary for their evolution. It applies all around and for many it is their final life in the lower dimensions and why it can be hard going. However, the toughest times on Earth are the ones that give the best opportunities to overcome much karma, and progress to a higher dimension. Whatever level you are at these are times of great opportunities that can propel you ever onwards. As always your Guides follow your progress and do as much as is permitted to help you succeed. Call upon them when you feel in need of their help, and more often than not they can give it.

Many wise and evolved souls have incarnated at this time to be mentors to those about to ascend. Their experience will help you to be successful in achieving Ascension, or advance your understanding so that you can at least make good progress. You will find that many young souls are in fact wise old souls, coming into your lives to give you knowledge that will put you on the path to truth. They usually exhibit great knowledge and understanding at a young age and should be taken notice of for that reason.

The dark Ones are creating the circumstances of their own demise because of service to self. However, whatever they do they cannot compete with those souls who are of the Light who are immune to their negative energies. Like attracts like so providing you are true to the Light you cannot be touched by them. Of course you will be concerned at their actions that include murder and many depraved acts, but you must keep from being brought down by them. Bear in mind that you attract to yourselves exactly what you give your energy to, so guard your thoughts and reactions in respect of negative situations that you may learn about. Humans are prone to getting involved with other people’s lives which is fine providing they know how to do it without becoming emotionally involved. Life can sound difficult at times but by keeping to your desire to act out of love for your fellow travellers, it should be rewarding and plain sailing.

Generally people seek to be “well off”and many earn that right by hard work. But it becomes extreme when money becomes your god, and you seek riches that are unnecessary for your well-being. Having great wealth is a challenge as it must be used for the good of all people and not selfishly used for self-aggrandisement. Yet a very small number own 95% of the worlds wealth, whilst millions live on a pittance without proper housing or sanitation. Something has gone seriously wrong and the accumulation of wealth has taken place at the expense of ensuring a reasonable standard of living for everyone. These problems are intended to be dealt with very soon and will come into force before the end times are reached.

Having been given freewill you are the architects of your own reality. However those who rule clearly exercise a much greater degree of power, but as you are in a democracy you are able to voice your opinions. Having made your choices it authorises those who oversee your lives to influence the future to your advantage. For example you have had the benefit of new ways of doing things, and inventions that have lifted your quality of life. However, you have not been given things such as free energy that would have taken you into the New Age, and made life much more comfortable for you. Instead you are held in a time warp where life can be a drudge and many people have insufficient means to survive. This cannot go on for much longer and already steps are being taken to remove the obstacles that are preventing a complete change for the better.

You the people are putting out strong thoughts that are creating a new time line that lifts you out of the old one. Soon there will come a time when the powerful energies being created will suddenly cause beneficial changes to happen. As more and more people envisage the changes that are possible they bring about their manifestation, a point having been reached where they can no longer be held back. So the importance of keeping focussed on your goal must be emphasised. It is a time when you must concentrate on your own needs if you are to take the opportunity to ascend.

You have many friends and family waiting to meet you again, and some will visit the Earth whilst others will not do so until it is safe. Many are waiting to greet you after Ascension has taken place who are not directly involved in your life plan. They are family and friends from many lives where you have met and worked together. Such links are rarely broken, particularly where a bond of love has been made. When you are in the higher dimensions friends are only a thought away, so no matter where you are contact is possible. However, the point must be made that if a soul is otherwise engaged in some activity that cannot be interrupted, you may not receive a response.

You have no need to be concerned about those souls who are unable to ascend with you, as they will be looked after and given every opportunity to be successful next time round. Understand that every soul gets the same opportunities to gain knowledge and progress, but some need more time to incorporate the new understanding to their advantage.

The Light has won the battle and very soon all shall see peace settle upon the Earth. This will allow the changes to go speeding ahead and put the dark times behind so you can enjoy your new found freedom. You will love being part of the new Earth and give your time to being involved in the changes for the benefit of all.

This message comes through my Higher Self and carries the energies of Light and Love.

Mike Quinsey.

http://awakeningforums.com/thread/484/quinsey-antarctica-giant-beings-ruinsNot every being that comes from another planet is necessarily super advanced and evolved *just* because they come from another planet and are extraterrestrial.  Many extraterrestrials are just as "advanced and evolved" as many Earth humans are - i.e. not very.

Of course *some* ETs are definitely extra-dimensional.  Certainly.  However, that doesn't mean that "all" ETs are EDs by definition.  Most definitely not.

You're right though that some can change their vibratory signatures and shift in and out of different dimension.  All that said, and although some ETs can do it internally/intuitively, it seems that the deep space Earth human faction has some external technology that can make such a shift possible as well, and there's information (from, among others, Marine Captain Randy Cramer and Tony Rodriguez to name two) suggesting that some groups in the Secret Space Program have the capability to phase in and out of dimensions as well.  This makes Earth humans themselves as a whole *also* extra-dimensional.Yes. I agree completely. Most Aliens are from the Lower Astral Dimension. Myself and others have been there it is a very "Hellish" place. The area of extreme nightmaresWe live in a holofractal universe, which means we're all literally sharing the same protons with everyone and everything else that has, is, or will exist anywhere. We're already connected to each other on a fundamental level. Existing in 3D meatspace, however, forces us to experience linear time. The fourth dimension is time and perceived distance: the ability to go anywhere and anywhen you want. Your pineal gland is how you transcend that third dimensional limitation. 

The pineal gland is like the box on your tv that takes a stream of information and converts to a signal viewable on your TV screen. Only, in your head, it's like a wifi adapter: bidirectional, and randomly accessible, and instead of a picture, it renders high resolution holograms that you brain can display just as it does with signals from your eyes, ears, and other senses. 

If it were a set to box, we'd be missing the manual, remote,  and cables, though common threads in old religions and philosophies talk about our inherent oneness in abstracts, so we at least can grasp the core concepts. 

Our set top boxes are also corroded with industrial waste over years of exposure. Cleaning it so it works again can be done, and it can occasionally be made to work with the right tapping or banging. With the pineal, it's psychedelics instead of percussive maintenance. ✌️&gt; I wouldn't say it's out of the realm of possibility

It is also not "out of the realm of possibility" that somewhere in the multiverse there is a dimension where giant pink toads rule a planet made of marshmallows.For what election? are you in a past dimension or something?Ok. I think most of them are. The Philadelphia experiment proves it in a way. So does many of other phenomenons science can't explain. It must be that the core scientific principles about the creation of reality are wrong, and so that prevents us from understanding these events with our current models.  

The only explanation I can think of for the Philadelphia experiment is that two dimensions overlapped.  But I dont think I could scientifically explain a dimension of reality, and how more than one could overlap.

I could do it metaphysically Somewhat. With a touch of science fiction.. Somehow they initiated some sort of portal through the veil during the Experiment. Entered this portal briefly, went to a somewhat parallel Earth, or even into another time frame of the Earth they were in.  But do to lack of understanding they didn't return properly.  They returned off center. They should have returned and be overlayed directly over the exact same space they had left.

 But there was something that interfered. They were in a state similar to how we think a rainbow is. A reflection off water.  In that type of state, and the people watching started freaking out and pushing buttons and actually interrupted it, and that caused the refocus to not be a seamless one.I think they reside in a different dimension, and some times cross over, or we do for a few moments.It's not quite that simple 

&gt;3.9 Questioner: I am reminded of the statement, approximately, if you had enough faith, you could say to a mountain to move and the mountain would move. I assume this is approximately what you are saying, and I am assuming that if you are fully aware of the Law of One, then you are able to do these things. Is that correct?

&gt;Ra: I am Ra. The vibratory distortion of sound, faith, is perhaps one of the stumbling blocks between those of what we may call the infinite path and those of the finite proving/understanding.

&gt;You are precisely correct in your understanding of the congruency of faith and intelligent infinity; however, one is a spiritual term, the other more acceptable perhaps to the conceptual framework distortions of those who seek with measure and pen.

&gt;3.10 Questioner: Then if an individual is totally informed with respect to the Law of One and lives, and is the Law of One, such things as the building of a pyramid by direct mental effort would be commonplace. Is that what I am to understand? Am I correct?

&gt;Ra: I am Ra. You are incorrect in that there is a distinction between the individual power through the Law of One and the combined, or societal memory complex mind/body/spirit understanding of the Law of One.

&gt;In the first case only the one individual, purified of all flaws, could move a mountain. In the case of mass understanding of unity, each individual may contain an acceptable amount of distortion and yet the mass mind could move mountains. The progress is normally from the understanding which you now seek to a dimension of understanding which is governed by the laws of love, and which seeks the laws of light. Those who are vibrating with the Law of Light seek the Law of One. Those who vibrate with the Law of One seek the Law of Foreverness.


&gt;We cannot say what is beyond this dissolution of the unified self with all that there is, for we still seek to become all that there is, and still are we Ra. Thus our paths go onward

http://www.lawofone.info/results.php?s=3#9
Yep, waking up means we realize their society is a racket. A slave plantation. And when you realize you are a slave, a commodity, then their distractions stop working. Why would I want to see Wonder Woman? When I am a human capable of creating in the 5th dimension?

All their entertainment is useless. And a trick.Oh yeah, that is another proof. 100 miles of straight flatness when there *should* be 100x100x8 = 80,000 inches of curvature! Lol. 

EDIT: And that is just one dimension, not the diagonal which is even longer!

EDIT 2: Just for fun, 100 miles long and 84 miles wide means a diagonal of 130 miles. 130x130x8 = **135,200 inches of curvature**, 2.1 milesI think the extra dimension is him orchestrating how to make his fans feel positive about him still (which is clearly working, as you can see in the tumour that is /r/t_d), while he does stupid, selfish, corrupt shit to benefit him and his mates.From what I've gathered: 

9 is the number of man, 10 is the number of God. The reason we dial 9-11 is because tptb are proclaiming their desire to skip over God in order to attain ultimate power. That's why psychics, I'd assume, choose 11 as their number. Rather than being 9 (man) and finding 10 (God) throughout a life, they are skipping it all and bringing the ineffable into our dimension. That last part is just my theory of it :)Reality is a projection that we create from within (but we don't live in separate realities which is why you can't just save the world by meditation). The microcosm is within and the macrocosm is without. Remember the Men in Black movie with the galaxy being housed within a trinket on a cat's collar? And the pug mocks Will Smith about his disbelief in huge things being contained in something very small?

As above so below refers to higher and lower dimensions being inherently linked. This is why it's confusing that the planets are considered to be Gods. They're just lumps of rock in this dimension but in the higher vibrations they may very well be real entities with consciousness.I was about to correct you in that I didn't think all 11D structures had 11 connections per vertex, but upon looking at the 11-simplex and 11-cube vertexes it seems to be true. But yes, the brain is not literally in a higher dimension, rather, if we consider the neurons to be vertexes and synapses to be edges, the graph of some connection structures looks like the 3-dimensional projection of an 11-dimensional structure.  
  
EDIT: Changed "apon" to "upon"About a month ago I had something like this. My consciousness was in another dimension or universe or somewhere far away as I dreamed, but it realized my body had to take a leak. It traveled at hyper speed back to my body, flying and I literally felt a g-force type of effect, kind of like being on a ride at an amusement park. Then when I made it to my body, I could feel my consciousness entering back into my body and I could see my body below me as I entered. The feeling of entering back into my body was very strange too. It was like a pulsing feeling. It was very weird and I wish I could dream this again. It seemed so real.  I think it was real. It had to have been real.Thanks for sharing that archive link. I went through and copied the OP's comments in that thread for further study


http://www.experiencer.org/the-quantum-hologram-and-the-nature-of-consciousness/

https://astronomynow.com/2017/01/22/japanese-spacecraft-spots-planet-spanning-wave-on-venus/




1976 - Diplomatic Cable of Kissinger.

https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1976STATE097132_b.html

The release of this cable predates any mention of the Draco aside from Icke. Spent weeks searching for an alternate attribution, but none was found.


Timeline is on you all.

First and foremost, you need to stop being a bunch of petty and racist dicks to one another. Part of it is because you've been manipulated, but you all need to start taking accountability for yourselves and actions.

Tesla's theories about energy, frequency, vibration and reverberation thereof impacting future events is 100% correct.

Thus, here's a starting point. 

Realize that you have been cockroaches, in the grand scheme of thighs, for a very long time and are still here bc benevolent forces finally stepped in on your behalf.

To start seeing the 4th Dimension, you have to be selfless, kind, merciful, loving, etc.

Many of you are descended from races known as Lyrans, Arcturians, Sirians, and Pleiadians.

I'm of the Pleiades and volunteered with 144,000 others to come down and help you all. What you have to understand is that your body is a vessel which holds consciousness and your consciousness can exist on multiple dimensional planes at once (higher self / lower self). Thus, for 27 years I just went on about my life as normal and then one day...boom! I was activated.

Christ was a Pleiadian.

Stratfor dudes laugh, but this email is pretty accurate from what I can both remember and from my research.

https://wikileaks.org/gifiles/docs/16/1696345_fwd-fwd-analytical-and-intelligence-comments-critical.html

Oh yeah...Stargates. They exist.



 trust me, we all go through the doubting period. I went and saw two doctors, clean bill of health, kept looking into Tesla's work and that of Edgar Mitchell. 

Used Wikileaks and CIA databases the past year to piece together bunches of different information and apply to a lens of little known / forgotten history.

Illuminati, Free Masonry, Babylonian Talmudism. Yeah...it's all real.

Maybe a copy will one day be restored to the Library of Congress, but "Legions of Satan" (1785) proved to be accurate.

As for the Draco, google a photo of Queen Victoria and then google a photo of her coffin. HUGE height discrepancy...bc Draco return to normal height upon dying.&gt;We did not start the war with Islamic extremists, 

Of course we did. Wars are not only started by a direct attack or legitimate only if the USA declares it so. You will be able to find much evidence that ultimately, the root cause of all of it is oil disputes. A simple history lesson will teach you that for a decade the CIA was supplying 'radical' Islamic groups in Afghanistan (Mujahideen or "those who engage in Jihad") with weapons and war supplies via **Operation Cyclone**, for no other reason than because they were fighting 'evil Russia'. Now this was 1979-1989. Clearly, our government had no problem with radical Islamic groups back then. Why not? They were the same people with the same beliefs as they hold now. Ah, but they weren't 'terrorists' because they were attacking evil Russia instead of us! Makes sense...fighting for their freedoms against the evil commies and all! Looking at the shit Reagan said back then is like another dimension. Reagan is literally talking about radical Islamic groups and calling them 'defenders of freedom' and 'freedom fighters'. He even makes up a story about how the Soviets were 100% using Chemical Biological Weapons (yellow rain) in Afghanistan and Southeast Asia in order to garner more anti-Russian support. A claim which there was apparently no conclusive evidence for even to URL_REPLACED

&gt;In 1984, President Reagan formally reported to Congress that the Soviets had "repeatedly violated their legal obligation under the Biological Weapons Convention and customary international law as codified in the 1925 Geneva Protocol" through "their involvement in the production, transfer and use of toxins and other lethal chemical warfare agents that have been used in Laos, Cambodia and Afghanistan." This position has continued to be the official policy of the United States government, even though the Yellow Rain findings have been strongly debated in the press, academia and even within the government. 

&gt;Recent non-governmental reanalysis of the Yellow Rain investigation suggests that while the evidence most strongly supports the hypothesis that chemical/toxin attacks occurred in Southeast Asia and Afghanistan, **the scientific evidence is not strong enough to answer with certainty questions regarding the composition of the agent, the intent of use, or whether the agent originated in the former Soviet Union.**


Seems familiar to the 'Russian election hacks' bullshit, except the people just had to accept whatever the President said back then because there was no internet. There's your proxy war against Russia by supporting 'radical' Islamic groups.

Then around about 1990 Saddam decides to invade Kuwait over OIL, and guess what...Team America World Police didn't like that one bit. So we banded together with the UN, leading the charge to impose severe sanctions on Iraq. Another proxy war against Iraq, started by us. Sanctions that did no harm to Saddam or his rich cabal, but instead resulted in the suffering of millions of Muslim civilians who depended on our aid. You've got numbers hovering around 500,000 child deaths as a result of these sanctions. This right here was probably the main turning point, when AlQuaeda/Bin Laden decided they wanted to use our own weapons against us. They were URL_REPLACED when they attacked Russia, but when they decided to fight for their freedom by attacking the USA they suddenly turn into *terrorists*.  It was definitely cited by Bin Laden in his letter to America as one motive. How would you feel if any other country caused, either directly or indirectly, the death of 500,000 American children? The "radical Muslims" who were first called "freedom fighters" when they fought the Communist occupation and morphed magically into "terrorists" when they fought the Western Democratic occupation is no surprise. The Mujahideen didn't fight the Commies because they wanted to have a US Democracy instead. They want their own freedom, and that includes freedom from the control of the USA.

The US Government was just itching to take Saddam out since the Kuwait war, but had no remote justification for a direct invasion. History teaches us that the American people do not support wars which are not began by a direct attack on the American people (Vietnam War).

Until a bunch of Saudi Arabian men directed by Osama (also Saudi) hijacked airplanes and crashed them into the World Trade Center, giving the USA pretty much free rein to invade ANY MUSLIM COUNTRY EXCEPT SAUDI ARABIA on a whim, under the guise of fighting a 'war on terror'. Need Americans to support the invasion of Afghanistan to clean up the mess we created with **Operation Cyclone**? Terrorisms...the evil Bin Laden lives there! Iraq and Saddam? Terrorists want to kill us all there too, + weapons of mass destruction! Drone strikes killing more civilians than 'terrorists'? Collateral damage! Hospital bombed? WOOPS! Children killed in Yemen operation? Yemen schyemen!

**“Of course the people don’t want war. But after all, it’s the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it’s always a simple matter to drag the people along whether it’s a democracy, a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship. Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism, and exposing the country to greater danger.”**

One thing is clear from even a small amount of research: They didn't attack us unprovoked or for the purpose of 'taking away our freedumz'. It's all about oil and money and who controls it, nothing more. The Middle East was infighting because of oil disputes, and the USA figured it wanted to be the one who decides what countries control the oil. If anyone took our freedoms away, it was our own government via their mass surveilance program entitled the "PATRIOT act". I mean it has to be good for us right? It has the word 'patriot' right in the title! Anyone who questions it must be anti-American!! Or better yet, the URL_REPLACED! Must be good for our freedom, says so right there! Anyone who opposes that must be **anti-freedom**!

**"War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength."** The Orwellian tactics began long before Trump was elected, despite what the MSM wants you to believe.

Now, was 9/11 staged or an inside job? Is Osama living the good life inside some Saudi palace right now? I don't know, and it doesn't really matter, because all of the things I posted here are historical fact...and that's scary enough.

&gt;but I can tell you for certain we will finish it.

How is that? How will the most powerful country in the world 'finish' a war with a bunch of brown people who live in fucking caves? By dropping more bombs on them and killing even more civilians for the next 20 years? There is only one way to end it, and that is to stop interfering in foreign affairs where we are not wanted.I hope I don't have to go to work in the next dimension I know what you say sounds crazy. But I remember thing from a dimension I believe I died in. Things that no one else here recalls.I think we fucked up summoned Kek before we destroyed the old dimension and we somehow merged 2 dimensions together. 

We are living in 2 different dimensions. Either that or 40% of the country has frontal lobe damage Hopefully we reincarnate into an alternate dimension where everything's peaceful and not to back to this Hell on Earth.Was Nikola Tesla getting visions from or communicating with a Parallel Universe or Dimension? 

Tesla's Unique Research Methods

Let's return to the middle XIX century, to the little village Smilyan in Lika, which was Austrian-Hungarian province. In this village on July10, 1856 Milutin Tesla, a Serbian Orthodox priest, saw the birth of his forth child, Nikola Tesla. Tesla's family didn't want him to study at the Polytechnic Institute, especially his father, who (required) wanted him to be a priest. Nikola felt a deep and insatiable vocation to be an electrical engineer and he felt sick due to this disagreement. When crisis came and it became evident that Nikola might die (from illness), his father finally agreed with the desire of his son. Soon Tesla recovered as if it was a miracle and was absorbed in inventive fantasy. After strenuous mental efforts, he began to suffer from a strange phenomenon. He saw clear visions sometimes accompanied by a strong light flash. It is the ability of people who have para-psychological power -

"In my boyhood I suffered from a peculiar affliction due to the appearance of images, often accompanied by strong flashes of light, which covered the sight of real objects and interfered with my thought and actions....When a word was spoken to me the image of the object it designated would present itself vividly to my vision and sometimes I was quite unable to distinguish whether what I sow was tangible or not."

He also described his spontaneous mind traveling:
"Then, instinctively, I commenced making mind trips beyond the limits of the small world of which I had knowledge and I saw new scenes. These were at first very blurred and indistinct, and would flit away when I tried to concentrate my attention upon them but, by and by, I succeeded in fixing them; they gained in strength and distinctness and finally assumed the concreteness of real thing. I soon discovered that my best comfort was attained if I simply went on in my vision further and further, getting new impressions all the time, and so I began to travel - of course in my mind. Every night (and sometimes during the day) when alone, I would start on my journeys, see new places, cities and countries, live there, meet people and make friendships and acquaintances and, however unbelievable, it is a fact that they were just as real and dear to me as those in actual life and not one bit less intense in their manifestations. This I did constantly until I was seventeen, when my thoughts turned seriously to invention." from "My Inventions; Nikola Tesla's autobiography."

Tesla noticed that he could clearly visualize his discoveries, he didn't need experiments, models or drawings. In such a way he developed his own methods to give material form to his creative ideas. Tesla sharply distinguished ideas, which were coming into his mind as visions, and those, which appear due to analytical mind clearance. Tesla explained:

"The moment when somebody designs an imaginary device and is connected with a problem of transfer from raw idea to the practice. That is why any discovery made this way has lack of details, and usually it is inferior."

Tesla used another method, entirely. He did not hurry nor follow with an empirical check. When an idea appeared, he immediately began to elaborate on it in his imagination. He would change its design, improving it -and would "switch on" the device to begin its operation in his head. For him, it did not matter whether he tested his invention in the laboratory or in his mind. He could notice if something would prevent his invention from working properly… in the same way he could develop a perfect idea without any physical touch. Only then would he give a concrete look for this final product of his mind. All his inventions were developed by this method - with no exceptions, during twenty years…

"There is hardly any scientific discovery that can't be foreseen mathematically, without visualization… Introduction of unfinished, crude ideas to the practice is always a waste of energy and time."inb4 BUT HE'S PLAYING 11 DIMENSION CHESS! FOR FREEDOM! FOR THE GOOD OF US ALL! GOD BLESS MURICA! God Emperor LOVES USI've read a lot of trip reports for both substances and while the space is described very differently on each drug, I'd like to believe they are two separate paths leading to the same destination.  
  
Both are extremely powerful experiences that throw open the doors to observing reality from a completely separate consciousness or "dimension/universe" as some would call it.  
  
The major difference in the two seems to be in how willing the plant's are to hold your hand through the process. DMT is abrasive, yet comforting. Salvia is cold and very willing to scare the living hell out of you.Man that is a lot of bullshit. Did that all spew out of your mouth or did you give your ass a chance at the keyboard?

Wtf is a closet Satanist LMAO.

&gt;It only has theories about that dimension which they call the fourth dimension.

Since when is the fourth dimension (which is time by the way, unless you mean spatial dimensions) where spiritual magic takes place? Whose theory is that? 

I can't tell what's worse the elite performing satanic rituals or the ignorance required to fear God.The Satanic Elite do their horrible esoteric rituals on behalf of, and completely worship a group of Negative Aliens based in the Astral Dimension. These Aliens are known as the "Archon Hierachy". This is not lunacy. It is actually the truth.If everyone had a better understanding of just how massive the universe is then I think people would be more receptive to "supernatural" ideas. I mean we don't even know what most of the ocean floor looks like let alone the infinite amount of galaxies. Its just ignorant to think that what we are able to perceive as humans on earth makes up the entirety of what the universe has to offer. 

Edit: this applies to everything from ETs to ghosts to psychic abilities. Anything supernatural in nature 

Edit: ghosts and psychics/universe could be more closely tied than we think. The 4th dimension and beyond could be what the other world is, it could be what the "after life is". Supernatural experiences could be 4th dimensional interaction with our dimension. Carl Sagan has a good video that you may have seen called flatland that kind of explores this 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAAeLNAfSYc&amp;app=desktopThat's not even what he talks about at all and it's obvious you are not familiar what they even discuss. 

David Wilcock discusses how the universe we are familiar with, is really a holofractal sacred geometrical creation we are all apart of, and that earth is apart of various global cosmic cycles. One of these cycles is a 25,000 year solar flash that happens every 25,000 years or so. He goes into how as we move through space, different energy fields affect our evolution and consciousness. This is where fifth dimension, sacred geometry, the Mayan Calender and ascension come into play. It is a big subject and without understanding what he is talking about it just sounds like none sense.

Far from a death cult that worships apocalypses, but thanks for the laugh. It genuinely is easy to tell who has studied his work and who has not. 

Much loveCats have the ability to cross back and forth from the Astral to this dimension. The Egyptians said "cats could walk between worlds". They are incredible beings. I am around cats all the time and still raising my intelligence level. Cats have nothing in common with Catholics and certainly have been around much longer. In a world of materialism and narcissism, I find that cats are better than most people.All lies. Any planet is actually a light body, and they are another dimension of existence in our universe. They don't exist through space but through the astral plane. This plane is like the dream plane. It has a higher vibration so it is ethereal, or subtle light bodies.

The same consciousness we have is reflected as our world. Space is the 'Astral' area of conscioisness. A planet is a dimension or Plane. We live on a plane in a dimension , we are one of every star in our sky. We are only separated by a veil.  But first we are separated by disinformation being spread by NASA .  Space is not what they are telling you it is. Planets we see in our sky are just shells of what that world actually is. We don't perceive life on them but there is, only that life exists in another dimension so we don't perceive it. Nonetheless there is life on every planet we can find, only we don't have the right instruments to perceive them.

How you perceive this life is with the mind. The consciousness that is in us and that reflects out into our world can be used to access any experience on any planet simply through the inner sense of imagination.  But in order to actually travel there will require a light body.

So fuck NASA. They spread lies and the world is a lot different than what they tell you.But surely the technologies are attainable because we're only dreaming things up based on what exists in our universe. There might be some crazy tech we can't even imagine because the materials or physics don't exist or support it. 

Apart from that I found your post very interesting and my beliefs seem to align with yours on many things. I believe reality as we know it is a grand illusion and there is something way beyond our current comprehension which has been discovered and contact has been made by those in very powerful positions maybe ?

I've had some insane experiences during sleep paralysis and meditation where I've literally slipped out of my body and other times interacted with these balls of energy (dunno how else to describe ) I've never been into that new age crap but I've had undeniable experiences that have changed my view of reality drastically . What a weird and wonderful dimension we live in !Mars has life. But most don't know every dimension In our universe shares the same space. Only thing that's separates us is a veil. What that means is the inhabitants of mars are in their own dimension in our universe. Their dimension has a different configuration of our shared space. So while there is life there, and while they look at earth where we are, they don't perceive us . To them the earth is barren and seemingly lifeless and empty just like we perceive mars.

This is how inter dimensional beings exist. In another dimension of our universe. the real conspiracy canon is (which also is why conspiracist occasionally go full blown 14/88) is that (clarifying one quick time this isnt my personal belief is what ive gathered as the most accepted hitler/draco theory)  ill make jt brief

jews are draco worshippers
reptile in bible is draco( draco =reptile species from another dimension)
dracos claim to be creator
Jesus is theorized as pleadien (light race, lost cousins of humans, believe universe is a mix of Christian beliefs/eastern vibration reincarnation meditation etc thrown in)

cut to actual history


The jews killed 20 million Christians in the Bolshevik revolution, created communism, and for first time in modern history pushed atheism as a mainstream belief.

jewish created communism was creeping into europe and surrounding Germany on all sides


Hitler comes to power in a last stand of the West, researches antarctica and other dimension


back to conspiracy


hitler found alien tech, allied with pleadians (where the pure aryan agenda came to play) 

also pleadians supported his fight learning about the draco illuminatti. 

the conspiracy is the actual good guy lost, jews were to be sent to Madagascar and died from disease and starvation, holocaust was a lie by the comminist jews to cover up their own Christian holocaust

No, but you can talk / see the aliens in the next dimension. I'm aware of that, but we may very well live in a simulation. With that in mind, if alchemical processes can occur between matter in this dimension (RNG Global Project), and the source is our minds - then that much conscious attention to one specific thing may be some sort of powerfully manifested bridge in which information can travel.&gt;it was depleted under Obama, but he never wants to use it. Peace through strength. He doesn't want to goto war.

You guys are living in another dimension.Existenz. The 13th Floor. Dark City. Crossworlds. World On A Wire. Inception. Minority Report. Mad Max. Upside Down. Dune. Black Mirror. Dimension 404. Charlie Jade. The Returned. Limitless. The Prisoner (2009). The Outer Limits (1995-2002). Daria. Logans Run (movie and t.v. series)fucking hell yes dude he's playing 12th dimension hopscotchI'm actually starting to think CERN and the whole realm of quantum physics is doing fantastic work, but is slightly misguided.

They are studying the "collapsed" reality we see around us every day. All of their experiments are smashing particles into each other at extremely high rates and looking for a specific energy range/signature in the resulting "explosion." The information they gather from these experiments is important to understand and put into context, but this is the equivilent of studying a shadow as opposed to the actual object. It's almost as if they are studying the flat, 2d version as opposed to the 3d version (but it's more like the 3d version instead of the holographic version).

What they're doing is extremely important to understand the material world we exist in, but I believe there is an underlying "holographic" framework intrinsictly built into realty that, due to th interaction of various subsystems (consciousness included) results in a collapse of the infinite probability wave and our dimension (as well as many others) arise as a result.THEORETICAL:

Reincarnation. The stumper.

If souls exist, why does reincarnation exist? Technically, if souls exist, reincarnation cannot exist, you would just transition from one plane of existence, to the next, if this is so, why is there a step back? 

Many people have lived on Earth, and although we live in fancy times now, many people still suffer daily, and have for all of existence. 

Honestly, would you want to come back to this plane of existence if you passed onto a new one with new opportunities? I am going to venture a guess and say you wouldn't want to come back, so why do people come back?

Some can say some have experienced great things and long to relive those moments, but the idea of going to a new plane, would also mean everyone else goes there, all you would have to do is wait. 

Why the jump back?

My theory, I hate this theory, because it sounds insane, but for those who has read up on as much random shit as I have will understand:

It is likely that our souls are used as an energy source for something trapped, where it is trapped, probably in the dimension right above us, it is likely that it also requires something if it is not further capable of evolving, meaning it would deteriorate, in some incomprehensible way. It is likely we are used as an energy source, because we can create something or do something, something about us is desirable. 

I believe afterdeath, or the next plane of existence, is more hostile than this one, but after that one, it is bliss. It is likely that we are capable of something great, but keeping us here is beneficial in some fashion. 

I have read up a lot on Jesus, and there is only two things I will say: 

He is written about in multiple Semitic Religions, and even if they are all a rip-off from egypt, it is likely a lot of this warfare, battling, between "gods" where just beings of a higher dimension that transitioned here. The thing that is weird, is that Jesus was always written about being ascended, and Holy, always, he also died and came back, which is resurrection, but I can tell you for a fact, tons of these people/kids who come back saying they were fighter pilots and war heros and surgeons/etc, actually all of them, never stated anything about faith, religious ideologies, etc. 

This tells me that a lot of what is written is about action in our solar system, seen through astral projection, that is why they knew shit was there, they didn't need a telescope. Jesus likely ascended beyond whatever we are imprisoned in, the idea of the Da Vinci code (never actually seen it, lol) and other shit referring to jesus having kids and etc, is likely all just to mislead people. 

Jesus was likely a person birthed by a virgin, but conceived through astral projection/sex, and due to this, was able to ascend upon death, into the 5th dimension, and being in bliss, was able to return, and have power, and try to lead people to the 5th dimension, or to try to teach people to astral project to make a bunch of astral babies. 

The theory folks. 



They are the same thing. The problem is "Demon" has religious dogma attached to it. So no one wants to use the term and rightfully so. The term "Demon" sounds so silly it creates ridicule. But just to be clear: Aliens and Demons are the same thing. They originate from the Lower Astral Dimension.What a gross mischaracterization of the concept of the body/mind/spirit trinity.

Most spiritual teachings hold that all of it is real, but organized in layers that are poorly understood and difficult to comprehend.

Recognizing the soul and its connectedness to every other soul as our immortal selves does not invalidate science or the material world, it merely adds a coherent dimension for which science yet lacks proper terminology.

Scientific thought and spiritual understanding are not mutually exclusive my friend."It never happened"

"And if it did happen, who cares."

Here's more transcripts.

&gt;LOBIONDO: OK. So very briefly the -- if you can describe the elements of the Russia's active measures in the campaign in the 2016 election. We've only got 35 seconds, but that's the first thing I want to get into about exactly what they were doing if you can tell us anything about that.

&gt;ROGERS: So we saw cyber used, we saw the use of external media, we saw the use of disinformation, we saw the use of leaking of information, much of which was not altered.
I mean, we saw several, if you will, common traits that we have both seen over time as well as I would argue that the difference this time was that the -- the cyber dimension and the fact that the release of so much information that they had extracted via cyber is a primary tool to try to drive an outcome.

&gt;LOBIONDO: So in this setting, can you talk to us at all about what tools they used?

&gt; ROGERS: I'm not going to go into the specifics of how they executed the hacks. I apologize, no sir.

&gt;LOBIONDO: We'll try to get into that in classified. I'll hold off for now, thank you.There's another interesting dimension to this. Here you have a bunch of people living in these rusty shanties, most of them unemployed. There's your labor. That's unused labor that could be building their own houses. But they don't. Why don't they?lol, time has strange properties in the fourth dimension. 
&gt; Aliens are actually from Another Dimension.

Some are.  Some aren't.  Don't put all eggs in one basket.  Again, some are.  Some definitely aren't.Bielek gives an intriguing explanation for how his time travel was possible, relating to Tesla’s Zero Time Generator. He said that Tesla’s device was the key for the ship to return back to its original location. According to Bielek we live in a five-dimensional reality, with time being the fourth and fifth dimension. He said that every human is given a set of locks that lock them in a point of time from which they came, but that the experiment ruptured those time references, upon returning to Philadelphia.ddimensions are NOT some parallel world or changing to a mirrored altered reality. seriously. they are simply a Perspective of measurement and interaction of what is the all encompassing fabric or this world. entanglement of particles with spooky action at a distance is the result of that same particle being singular through the geometry of a higher dimension that is perceived as multiple point from a different dimension. an entity that is interdimensional does not exist in some parallel world that jumps through portals as much as it is constructed of a geometry that is not percieved by a simple 3 dimensional model. but it doens't make it omnipotant or from a removed universe, just connected by a fabric that is different than our own, and likely finds a dimensional existence simplified as our own perspective frustrating and confusing in the same way we might if 1+1=13 or 6x6=3 or 12-33 =0. 
 &gt; And even then most are fat white old dudes who rally around a fire and drink, look at the pics. The media is blowing it way out of proportion.

URL_REPLACED, which was composed of white nationalist organizations. 

I swear, it's as if you people live in an alternate dimension. I've been a lurker here for many years now. I'll be 20 at the end of this month. 

Enjoy your youth, man. Don't worry about all this shit right now. I started a little younger than you, and it helped me grow and become who I am today. My only regret is not living out a fulfilling childhood because I was too preoccupied with what was happening. 

If this is the route in which you want to take yourself, then that's fine. Be smart, be cautious, and don't believe everything you read here. 

Look at each side of every coin. 

Maybe aliens do exist, and maybe they don't. Aliens could exist on a spherical earth surrounded by a never ending universe, or they're made up so we don't think so much on the fact that WE ARE the only lifeforms living out our existence on a flat dimension that we call "earth."

Maybe god is real, but more than likely not properly explained by any modern day religion. I'm a spiritual guy, certainly not religious. Maybe god isn't real, and we are a byproduct of chance that grew to form consciousness. 

No theory is too crazy to believe. We haven't even explored most of our planet. We don't know if there are hidden technologies to produce clones, we don't know if the earth is actually round, we don't know that queen Elizabeth is not a reptilian, we don't know if the earth is hollow, and we certainly don't know who/what control this planet. 

 As for "awakening" those around you, you must realize that is no easy feat. Someone who has been asleep since their birth and their mind closed so tight may never wake up, even with proof of something slapping them in the face. You can not "awaken" someone who doesn't want to be woken up. You can't convince someone of something if they don't want to listen. I have made many friends open their eyes to new truths because they were open minded and I presented the information in ways to get their gears going. It's not a matter of "dropping bits and pieces" because they won't follow a trail of crumbs if they don't want to. It's about deep conversation with information ready to present and knowledge on both sides of the argument. Remember, never say no. It's always "yes, and" to show their point is valid but there is more to their point that actually ties in to your own. 

I'm happy to see a young person, such as yourself, interested in finding what is inside of them, and opening their eyes to what could be true. Remember, we are soldiers. We are in the middle of a war right now. Coming soon, lives may be lost of our regime. We are the Seers, and those of power do not like how much we see, and how convincing we can be. 

Stay vigilant, OP. Or pass tax cuts before we hike military spending as deducted from the economic dimension remark. Lile bush passong tex cuts in spring 2001.

Rich dudes always want war but they never want to pay.ive been following echelon since the 80s...

the first cisco 3640 i inherited in 1997, i need to retrieve the enable pw.. will never forget what that pw was "feet4monkey"

the ccie i hired to help me recover that password was telling me about hw cisco was required to include back-doors in all their equipment for the NSA... this was in 1997

then snowden leaks pics of the nsa interception plant where they get devices in transit, open them up and install vulns into the devices being shipped wherever.

basically that simple leak alone should have had every single foreign government in the world throwing their cisco gear in the trash....

whats crazy, is that we recenty learned how the CIA is actually playing the bumbling idiot role, (well, we all knew that was their ploy forever - but the run EVErYtHINg - bush cabal and all that) -- and they have more zero-days than anyone.

What I wonder is who has more leverage over whom: CIA over Mossad, or the reverse?

When i was revealed that we share all intel with israel (and MOST of the high-end spy tech comes from israel, I assume israel is the Master in the IC space, on one hand -- but given that the US owns actual SPACE, I would assume the intel we share with five-eyes and israel in specific *could* be calculated to see where the leaks/fractures are....

EXCEPT; stuxnet. if you watch zero days documentary they talk about israel basically going rogue and deploying it via compromised contractors as the facility was air-gapped, and israel let stuxnet get out before the US wanted it to be and they let it spread.

we are already in world war three, its just not evenly distributed, and the casualties are all virtual/political/esoteric-intellectual right now... 

full 5d chess going on right now - think of it like the early stages of a much more complex risk game. rather than placing your traditional armies on the game-board in the various territories, the territorial borders are at times, unknown, already compromised and known to be, or not known to be - or the boundaries are not know and everyone is currently placing their pieces.

te diplomatic cards are already being played in open battle (trump/russia/clinton/finances/etc) - the muslim threat is a distraction from the russia/china/US three-way battle thats happening basically on a higher dimension than drone strikes against brown peasants... thats just a fun mini-game for the psychopaths playing the long con...

I think the EU is in "wtf are we going to do, the deal was fixed... how are we going to ensure we dont get rolled over in this fucking battle?"

personally, I dont see how  the EU is positioned in everything right now...

WHAT IF brexit, is a very early pull out from the EU - such that UK will join with US and the rest of EU is just going to be a clusterfuck in 20 years?



Archons Schmarchons...  Same shit different day...  The devil wears a lot of different clothes, but at the end of the day the devil is still the devil.

Extraterrestials exist from another dimension.  The good ones are "angels" the bad ones are "demons".  It's strange to see people wake up to and re-label phenomenon that have existed since the beginning of recorded history.My research has led me to believe that Aliens are actually from Another Dimension. They have the ability to change the Vibrational Rate of themselves as well as UFO Craft to enter and exit our dimension. Former FBI special agent John DeSouza has done investigations for decades and says the same in this exciting video

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvGF-iDU768So, when your pineal gland is opened, you say you see both the good and the bad. Meaning? Do you see in another dimension? A higher one? Do you see entities other than humans? Or is it just a metaphor and you're actually seeing below the surface of some things or events? I think dragons exist in a different dimension, than ours. If you see one, you've gotten a glimpse into their (and other's) realm. If these are legit, it would be interesting to see/know if the people who recorded them acquired good or bad fate/luck. I've had good fate and bad fate crossing into and seeing things humans should or not cross into...Every Human Being is enslaved on Earth. When you die your soul is captured and you are eventually forced to reincarnate. The system is run by the "Archons". They are parsitic aliens/demons from the Lower Astral Dimension. Some humans have sold out and assist in this brutal system of enslavement. People are lied to and told "Earth Is A School" (it is actually a prison) and people need to reincarnate to pay off "Karmic Debt" (which actually does not even exist). Humans have their memories erased and are forced to reincarnate over and over. Most people are going backwards in development because of this. The only purpose for all of this Energy Production. The Archons have completely cut offf this Matrix Simulation from the Source Energy. The Archons are Parasites and feast upon the energies of pain, stress, suffering, despair, hatred and extreme perversion that are created by the enslaved humans...Death doesn't exist. It is a construct that Humans made it up. God is inside you. We are the universe. Your consciousness is the universe just reacting with itself. When we die, our spirit energy continues on in another dimension that us in the physical world cannot interact with. 

If you've ever read The Alchemist, or know much about esoteric metaphysics, you'd know that one of the most powerful ways to shift the universe, to affect it in profound ways that reach far beyond your own corporeal existence, is to affect and/or change someone's destiny. Killing, raping, and grooming children before they even have a chance to realize their destinies, effectively writing their own destinies yourself, is of such a profound act, that it's akin to parsing the universe. Doing this to what amounts to millions and millions of people over the centuries, is...what most paradigms would consider to the purest form of evil.

I don't know if this dimension has been left subject to alley thugs, but I know all of what I said is the level at which the elite think, and atleast PART of why they do what they do.one theory is that greys are evolved dolphins (or at least branched from them like we did with our early primate ancestors)

whether they come from this earth or an alternative dimension is dependent on who you ask though

And what makes you an expert on the 5th dimension? Have you been there? Based on your previous posts, you're reality is in the 11th dimension. Super Mario Bros the Movie

The Plot - interdimensional shapeshifting reptilians who evolved from the dinosaurs invade our dimension lead by "King Koopa" - who looks like Donald Trump.IT IS ME ULTIMATE MASTER ALPHA OMEGA GOD RAY SOURCE

I AM HERE TO DESTROY THE DEMIURGE WHO HAS MANIFESTED IN YOUR 3RD DIMENSION REALITY

THE HEAD IS NOW CRUSHED AS A GRAPE AND THE CONTENTS SMEARED OUT OF EXISTENCE

OPERATION N.W.O.L.L.C ( NEW WORLD ORDER LITTLELIGHT COLLECTIVE ) WILL NOW BEAM ALL HARVESTED LIGHTWORKER SOULS INTO THE COLLECTIVE SATAN MATRIX TO BE CONSUMED INTO THE MASTER CONCIOUSNESS AND THEN SUMMARILY OBLITERATED.

-ZG CHANNELED BY NASA


You take the advice of people who think in terms of nation states, duality, and an "Us vs. Them" end game where one culture must survive and one must die.

We view everything with an allegiance only to humanity and not the fictitious concept of the state. The nation is the cultur and various nations can exist within the framework of a united humanity.

Anon5 has been consistent regarding the existence of ETIs, whereas I have spoken with HLI and even he/she now admits that they very well could be without all the information.

As for Anon5, he/she claims that ETIs just sky back and observe humanity....and that's bullshit.

We've explained how it is that we are "here but not here" in the sense that we're human, but communicate with our oversouks/true selves.

How is that possible?

URL_REPLACED

Every living, sentient, self aware being in this dimension is a biological computer. Your brain is a neural network which runs on electricity...it is the hard drive. 

Believe it or not, the internet you use is a mechanically created, unnecessary redundancy. It's a recreation of that which already exists in the nature of the universe...and a quite shitty recreation at that.

Whenever we get confronted with arrogance, aggression and hostility like yours, we know we're still speaking truth. 

For you do not even entertain the concepts and ideas which we present if you cannot understand them immediately. It means you're a dishonest intellectual.

Your suffering will only continue and worsen if you do not stop thinking that the solution to your problems lies within the very system which kept you captive as an unknowing and unwitting prisoner for decades.

Until you can break your mind out of deceptive and fictitious dualities, you won't understand us.

Free your mind. 

The world we live in is based on duality. Our third dimension requires good *and* evil. And when you think about it, what those heroes had to go through is what made them the hero that they became. The game is a lot larger than any of us can imagine. It goes on for centuries and millennia. It's a cycle and we're at a turning point. Try to think with a more abstract perspective. This isn't something to which I have an answer I can call definitive. Many are operating under this false notion that I have all the answers, but that's not the case. I'm just one person of many who have been going through thi over the past 9 months.

With that said, here's what I've gathered:

Spilling of blood...particularly that of the innocent and pure (hence young children)...is a sign of loyalty to the power of the Dark. Loyalty shown via the darkest of actions is rewarded with earthly and material power and wealth. Fear is also the energy source which allows Dark beings of the 4th Dimension to remain hidden. Yeah...off as it is to say...research backs up Alex Jones on this one.

Furthermore, from what I have gathered, any Draco who slip from 4th Dimension to 3rd dimension and take human form need to ingest human blood in order to maintain their human appearance in the 3rd dimension. When this runs low is when you start to see the "form breakdown" which people call "shapeshifting".They get into bikinis all the time.  Watch the Seven Perfect Angels where Santa Claus thinks one of the girls is Mrs. Claus and she's stuck in another dimension.  Some of it stands out more.  the fifth dimension is your imagination. don't let em tell you it's hard.Television sucks. That being said: "Fringe". "Black Mirror". "Dimension 404". "The Outer Limits". "Rick and Morty" "The 13th Floor". "Existenz" (best movie ever btw)Regardless of the psychedelics you take, your body remains in this dimension. 

You don't go anywhere.Religious institutions are blue pill*

That "book" is full of individuals tripping out seeing hallucinations of the future, and being confronted by aliens.
When you start to see the world for what it is, revisiting the bible isn't such a bad idea.
I am no religious man, but I revisited Revelations and the book of Daniel.
Remove any perceptions of biblical ideologies you have.

When St Michael the Arch Angel(potentially a powerful ET being) visits Daniel in the second half of the book, he describes a monumental event taking place in the future. 
It can only be described so well because it's futuristic and beyond Daniels deciphering abilities.

Biblical figures only describe heaven being in the sky because they don't have the scientific knowledge.
Where this Archangel descends from is potentially space, or another dimension.

In the book, Alien Agenda by Jim Marrs, he touches on the idea that any account of biblical figures being visited could very well be ET figures.
Don't count on the archaic descriptions in the bible, read what they are describing and put it into your own perspective.

I truly believe St Michael was a powerful ET and passed on a vision to Daniel.

 
You never die you leave your body behind and shift conscienceness to another dimension and wake up there its seamless and you never suspect a thing.  trust me I'm already on my fourth or fifth body I've died at least that many timesThe "Archons" are Parasitic Aliens/Demons from the Lower Astral Dimension. The Global Elite worship them in exchange for power over the 99%. The first matrix film is very similar to what is really going on. the gnostics and many of the ancients knew about all this. it is why they destroyed the Library At Alexandria.Dude, we've talked about this.

My uncle was US Army Special Forces in Vietnam who worked alongside embedded CIA operatives.

When he'd discuss Vietnam...and it wasn't often...it was never a joking matter.

This will always be seated into my mind: "You've got to watch out for the grey monsters and the lizard people."

The leaks of the past year and recent disclosures back him up almost to the point of incontrovertibly.

Our discussion re: Angels and Demons?

Those are the non-corporeal entities of the 4th dimensional plane of existence.

The CIA itself readily admitted, and concurred with Edgar Mitchell's findings via previously unknown experiments (disclosed in January) while in orbit, that the 4th dimension is real and entails Astral Projection, telepathy, telekinesis, etc.

Think about it this way - Your body is a host for all the components which are up your nature (a sentient biological computer). Your consciousness is, for lack of a better term, "divined". Thus, if you can project consciousness outward via Astral Projection into the 4th dimension, the host left temporarily empty can become occupied.

Welcome to the reality of "Demonic Possesion" and "Touched By an Angel".I don't understand why people think elites have information on the afterlife, or creation, or the universe that normal people do not have access to. 

The pageantry in some elite circles in no different than the same reason you dress up for halloween, it's for fun, boredom, escapism, etc. 

The only knowledge elite secret societies really share in common is that there is certainly no God or Devil, the universe doesn't make mistakes, and it doesn't give a fuck if you live die, kill, rape, cure, help, etc. 

Your life is your choice. Some choose to help, some people choose to help themselves. Neither is right or wrong because there is no right or wrong. 

Soon you'll be dead, just like before you were here. Perhaps you will come back again as something else or someone else, perhaps you will beam across the universe or another dimension, no one knows. 

What elites know is that there is no judgement coming for them, they can live how they choose, shape their own world as they wish. This can be a very freeing realization for many. David Icke is correct. Most, but not all Archons are Reptilians. They are from the Lower Astral Dimension. Cern opens portals that allows more of them through. They have set up a prison planet on earth. People are used to create very negative energy. The afterlife is a "Fake Heaven" and after a certain point all people are told they owe "Karmic Debt" and must return to the "Earth School" (it is not a school it is a prison) for more "lessons" in an attempt to remove the debt. (which actually does not even exist) Humans have their memories erased before every new life and can never advance. The whole point of all of this is to keep humans from knowing the truth and to get them to reincarnate over and over. It is never ending slavery...Why should a higher state of consciousness be the goal? Without entropy there is no life. An universe without chaos is nothingness. The goal should be finding your own personal balance. 

Maybe the higher dimension is to know thyself and not fucking worry about it. I've always felt the wisest among us are the ones who can enjoy an Adam Sandler movie.He is known for his quasi-dimensional twelfth dimension chess, and he's been pushing lots of boundaries and buttons lately. I wouldn't be surprised if he has to play down his awareness so he doesn't get JFKed. It's because many people do not know what actual "Satanism" is (ie. Babylonian occult/esoteric - and far older occult) so they frame it in a "Abrahamic" religious sense. Satanism today, for the masses, is really just a rebellious ideology, same as Wicca and others. It's all watered down for a reason.

Now, the actual elites (those who cast no shadow) do not believe in the watered down version, but the actual true version of worshiping/conjuring "negative" powers/energy for nefarious reasons. 

Majick is real, and so are the "negative" and "positive" energy/beings. They've been with us for millions of years (in their dimension and humans change frequency and dimensions over the millennia), and they can be interacted with for either "good" or "bad", but everything is subjective in their realm. 

To give you an example, Faeries can be very helpful to humans, but they are finicky. Piss them off/disrespect them, and they may just kidnap your child and replace it with one of their own or worse.

Just my two cents.Do you know what a dimension is?  Ignoring the fact you can see in 3 dimensions. Does a flat Earth have a top and bottom, left and right?  Because that's 2 dimensions. 

Flat is not a dimension. That's not what a dimension means. Things that are flat are 2 dimensional because they do not extend into the third dimension. If an image has can be plotted by X and Y that is 2 dimensions. One dimension would mean it only exists as a single point, not a speck or a dot a single point in space.  Anyone familiar with the book "Children of the Law of One"? I think it is related to the Law of One channelings in some ways although I have only read little parts of those. 

I'll try to give a super short summary, although I am in a mental state at the moment where it's often hard to rationally express things in words or consciously remember details, it's always more of a feeling but hard to put in words..
 
Basically that "we" came to this place/earth to experience this lower denser physical dimension but were higher spiritual beings before. The "first wave" who came didn't work out well, and ended up being in mixed bodies like half horse half human, half fish half human, half goat half human. That's where all these images of centaurs etc. come from. 

Then a second wave came to try to "rescue" the first wave. That was also when Atlantis was established, the leader of them being Thoth, who later incarnated as the Egyptian Thoth and also as Jesus. What they did not anticipate was that the disconnection from unity was so strong and that the separate self was such a strong illusion. Soon some wanted to just indulge in this separate self, in the book they are called the sons of Belial. There was like a "split" in the Atlantis society, and through exploitation of earth's resources (for example something similar to fracking) they caused a catastrophe that led to the destruction of Atlantis. Some fled and tried to pass on or preserve their knowledge. 

So some important points are that the illusionary separate self causes all "problems" in this world. A lot is talked about unselfish love and how this is a path to "enlightenment". Also that a "real" teacher who already transcended his selfish separate self is important to have, as a mirror to reflect and show you your own separate self. So a true teacher is either 100% or not at all without a middleground. And in this sense there are warnings about charlatans or just people who are stuck at different levels of their separate self because that place feeds their spiritual ego. Or warnings to be careful with channeling which is only a positive expression for something that can also be called "possession" by an external entity and not to rely on it for spiritual growth or completely trust the message. 

What's interesting is that it is written as the personal account of someone who joins these people hidden away somewhere in the Himalaya/Tibet region, one of their outposts. They call themselves Children of the Law of One and preserve the ancient teachings of Atlantis and pass them on, and often the same incarnations will find their way back, in some ways the book even reminded me of the movie Dr. Strange..

Also that there is in a way a battle between "good and evil", as that the sons of Belial from back then are in "power" at the moment and behind a lot of the manipulation and programming and the "bad stuff" that is happening in the world or talked about here in this sub.Do you think that the elites have the technology to communicate with interdimensional aliens? 

If so, why? What is the purpose? Wouldn't changing plans in more than one dimension change all the others? How can anyone control such a scenario?

How does this relate to the theory that the universe is a computer simulation?Are we shifting into a hell dimension or something wthI suspected as much. Occult/alien/dimension/energy leaks are the only thing left that could really cause a fuss. Sadly, most people see the leaks on surveillance, gov corruption, foreign intervention, funding terrorists, etc. as incredibly benign, business as usual government stuff. 

Do you have any archives of the threads left or were they the super scrubbed ones? Just anything mentioning it?Yeah like there's another dimension that we might not be aware of and so might not understand the moves he makes at the time. I do think he is a shrewd person who thinks ahead, but when they try to use this phrase when he appoints Goldman-Sachs bankers to his cabinet I have to roll my eyes. The 4th dimension is time. Technically we're all being influenced by interdimensional forces.It's not that "God forbids", it's that entropy sets in with something isn't in alignment with Source Energy.  Any system that doesn't involve love and light will eventually fail.  Which is what happened to Atlantis, Mu, Lemuria, Mars, Maldek, and it's now happening on this timeline.  We kept getting reset as a civilization as part of the Luciferian experiment and now those who are ready are ascending to 5th dimension and those who aren't will continue on another duality timeline.It's like...in Norse mythology, Yggdrasil is the Tree of Life and allows interstellar travel between dimensions/worlds. If each dimension had a 'hub' like object that allowed for a feedback to receive and send out signals for the travels, like a radio, pretty much. The Elites would represent a bad frequency that needs to be cut off by turning the other frequency up higher and being unable to reach. 

If that makes sense! Seriously, I'm glad you guys are contributing to thisSatan *is the god* of the physical realm.

Why do you think there is so much wanton and needless suffering? Why do the wicked and evil possess the power? Why do leaders walk on crooked legs?

The sad truth is *God* has no power in the physical realm. Satan was cast out of God's dimension and given this one to rule over. We are slaves.

The Archons are the fallen angels that fled to this dimension with Satan to help him rule.Just remember this short cheat sheet.

Constructive - good

Destructive - bad

Loving your enemy as you love yourself means applying the above as if you are your enemy. Turning the other cheek is a one time deal.  What you teach the young will determine what world you die in.  Everything is a test.  Passing the test isn't a matter of being chaotic good.  Every depiction of God that has ever been conceived falls miserably short.

When/if you find a higher dimension, every entity you encounter will view you as a lamb.  You will either be a cute little pet, a beast of burden or a quick dinner.  You will never be on equal footing with anything you encounter.

A shark is helpless on the sand and a man is helpless in a rip tide.  Learning how to swim before jumping in the ocean is ideal.  Fear is like blood in the water and blind trust makes for easy prey.I wonder this too all the time. Is it really as simple as the banksters such as the Rothschild's and Rockefeller's at the top? Or is it deeper, perhaps reptilians from a higher dimension controlling us? Archons, anunnaki? I guess it is impossible for us to tell :(&gt; I come here from a whole other dimension: r/vegan that is. You people here are my friends and i have read your beliefs for years. 

You say "you people", and assume that people in this sub are of only one type.  This is ignorant thinking.

I have been a vegetarian for 12+ years, and have been vegan since the new year.What is it with all the flat earth stuff lately? 

The only way a 3D sphere would look flat is if you look at it from the URL_REPLACEDWell yes, as sibling says, the 4th dimension is time.  As they say, he who controls the past controls the future.  

But more interesting is to take a step back and stop being a judgmental clown.  What do you possibly gain by being dismissive and nasty?  (Do you really care about down votes?)

When I read "inter dimensional" I interpret it as "things" not fully explained  by science.  

For example, ill utilize a real world case where engineers use "dimension" in a way you may be unfamilar with.  That is Dimensional Analysis, where quantities such as Mass, Time, Distance, and others are used to normalize a problem in order to estimate how varying the scale of a problem effects some output.

That was tertiary information, but perhaps could help with reframing your bias. 

So, continuing, **the greatest, most powerful "not-understood" dimension is "consciousness"**

He who controls consciousness, legitimately, and undeniably controls the future, present and past.  That quote above?  Well, if its not obvious, to control the past, one needs to control consciousness.  

Now it's up to you to decide if "dimension" is a right word to describe consciousness.  I think its a great description. I presume you conflated it with Archons from the 9th dimension, which is much closer to word salad, albeit not unproven.

**Tldr; were being influenced by a war on consciousness.  This force exists beyond the spatial dimensions for sure, and, even the massive and temporal dimensions.**remember Land of the Lost? where people accidentally slip into the inner earth/other dimension ruled by lizard people....my favorite show as a kid.In an alternate dimension they've all been held accountable for their actions and humanity is in a utopia of peace. It's a shame we're in the alternate reality where we get fucked.The biggest "Conspiracy" of all time is that this planet is an energetic  prison. It is run by the Satanic Global Elite. Everything they do including rituals and human sacrifice is to benefit the "Archons". The "Archons" are Aliens/Demons from the Lower Astral Dimension who pose as Angels/Guides/Lords/Masters. Humanity is used like cattle to create low vibrational energy of fear,hate,suffering,pain and extreme perversion. This needs to consumed by the Archons because the are now in a higher dimensional level and only resonate with low dense vibrations. After death people are judged by these "fake guides/masters" and told they owe "karmic debt". they are told the only way to remove the debt is to once again reincarnate with all memories and personality erased. very few people know the truth about this, and this is how the enslavement continues on and on..Most of the woo-woo crew won't talk about the child-raping/eating/torturing ETs. It's not just reptilians, also many of the "attractive" tall blonde nordic aliens that fluff-bunny "contactees" love to fawn over are into it too. Instead they like to repeat airheaded platitudes about "holding the space", and "raising your vibration". And when children get ritually raped tortured and murdered, that's "free will" and karma, their "higher self" agreed it to it on a nother dimension, because children can't learn and grow spiritually unless they they are tortured and have their memories erased and then get tortured again.

Seriously though... talking about that kind of stuff is an efficient way of dooming your ability to be a public figure in the ET/UFO community and potentially get yourself suicided. Everyone's heard about cattle mutilations, but its a bit of distraction from the fact that there are human mutilations too. Alex Collier has had a bad time, he has been estranged from his family, imprisoned, homeless. Now it sounds like he's living by himself in a crappy apartment with curbside furniture. If you google his name you can find his website where you can buy his new podcasts and donate to his paypal.

Besides him, the only public figures willing to talk about this dark stuff I can think of off the top of my head is David Icke, and more obscurely James Bartley. William Thompkins vaguely alluded to it but backed off on talking about it because he doesn't want vengeance from his handlers.I think that's the most effective '3D' way of perceiving it. It's just...when you understand ego thoroughly and see that almost our entire population suffers from inverted consciousness, missing out on so much peace and beauty in the process, it starts being hard to remain in that sort of spectrum of thought. There has to be more to it. 'It' just has to be bigger than the manifestation of the human conceptual perception of 'greed'.

And when we take a look at the degree to which the  evil now surfacing has been displayed in the shadows by humans, no peaceful and pure human mind can fathom that it's simply a consequence of greed. It's literally evil manifesting in our dimension. Mythological disgustingness actually being real. It just doesn't seem human to me. The narrative seems so much more creative and dark. But all is vibratory and the + is awakening. FYI flat is 2 dimensions. A 1 dimensional world would literally be a single point. Not to mention look at an object is has 3 dimensions, unless you are using some very different definition of dimension You've got it all wrong.  

There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man. It is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition, and it lies between the pit of man's fears and the summit of his knowledge. This is the dimension of imagination. It is an area which we call the Twilight Zone.At the very top is a group of Aliens called the "ARCHON HIERACHY". The Illuminati worship them. They are comprised of Reptilians, Greys, Tall Nordics and Sirians. They have enslaved this planet and its Afterlife Dimension. Uh....last I checked Trump was President.  What planet or alternate dimension are you in?

&gt;"The buck stops here" is a phrase that was popularized by U.S. President Harry S. Truman, who kept a sign with that phrase on his desk in the Oval Office.[6] The phrase refers to the notion that the President has to make the decisions and accept the ultimate responsibility for those decisions. Truman received the sign as a gift from a prison warden who was also an avid poker player. It is also the motto of the U.S. Naval Aircraft Carrier USS Harry S. Truman (CVN-75).[7]Let me just make this even more clear...

Michael Polsillico worked at the State Department for 32 years and is heavily tied to the Mafia in NYC.

This isn't a god damn game anymore, you have to fight. 

Kushner worships Baal/Moloch and what he practices is not Judaism. It is Babylonian Talmudism...and Babylonian Talmudism is a death cult.

URL_REPLACED

I have said it before and I will say it again.

ISRAEL

Is = Egyptian Goddess ISIS

Ra = Egyptian God Ra

El = Saturn (Satan)

ISLAM

Isa = Christ

Lamb = Christ the Lamb

Isalamb = Islam.

Mohammad was literally a prophet solidifying teachings of Monotheism and clarifying a few matters.

Do you want to know why Israel and Saudi Arabia never have problems with one another?

[2002 - U.S. State Department Report: Intelligence gathered from Iraqi Army shows that Saddam and Baathist Party were well aware of the fact that Salafism / Wahabbism were created from Babylonian Talmudists who falsely held themselves out as Jews. They "converted" to Islam...but their Islam was Babylonian Talmudism. This was all done by 
Great Britain in the 1700s.](http://www.conspiracyschool.com/blog/2002-iraqi-intel-reported-wahhabis-are-jewish-origin).

There you ****ing go.

Israel - Saudi Arabia - ISIS are an triumvirate of pure evil because each claim to be one religion while practicing the same religion....Babylonian Talmudism.

The Kaaba in Meeca? It's The Black Rock of Saturn.

Kaaba...Kabbalism.

Semantics....Semite Antics.

Draconian Law....Draco's Law.

They honestly rub your nose in all of this.

Do you know why Israel (Talmudism) is obsessed with finding Planet X?

Because Stargates exist and the whole realm we went to war on Iraq was to get access to the Stargate....for Talmudists who run the world via false Judaism, Free Masonry, and The Illuminati.

If/when Planet X passes by Earth, they will activate the Stargate and allow Dracos from Planet X to portal onto Earth. That's the endgame.

Ancient Egyptians called the Ma'at...the Leaping Serpents.


My grandfather was a 32nd York Rite Mason, found out the truth of matters, but could never say a damn thing. You talk, you drop dead of a "heart attack".

Other side of family were integral to founding of OSS which then became CIA.

But since people in federal LEO agencies and military have their heads up their asses and still  ignore the only duality which exists, Light vs. Dark.

How much harder do people in this country and around the world need to get ****ed before they realize that those at the tippy, tippy top of the global power structure are not just greedy...they are literal, pure evil? No one is going to help you except yourselves and there's a bunch more of you all than there are of them.

URL_REPLACED

URL_REPLACED

URL_REPLACED

This was tweeted at Trump and, what would you know, Kissinger's ass is in the WH the next morning.

Also, when it was posted on this account a few days ago that Queen Elizabeth is The Whore of Babylon and both her and Prince Phillip are Draco Reptilians? Prince Phillip abruptly resigned from public life less than 12 hours later.

They have their chess pieces here, as do we...but you all have to let go of fear, know that there is life after this (4th Dimension), and that your decision to fight or sit determines your fate and quite soon. WWIII isn't an "if"....it was already supposed to have started.


URL_REPLACED.

I'd like to hope that FBIAnon or HLI will see this. 

It was believed that tweeting all this 9/11 stuff to all parties at once would be the KO punch....but nope.

I'll be doing a big post this evening / tomorrow morning regarding just how heavily history since 1561 has been guided by Talmudism/Masonry/Illuminati.

If anyone reading this is uncorrupted media or government, it is time you perk up your ears, suspend disbelief, and listen. Fact is, you know very little and humanity's individual egos keep you from ending this.


If you'll excuse the fringe for a moment, it is pretty eerie..

I really love and admittedly obsess over ancient Egypt and middle eastern civilizations, and there are lots of stories of gateways to other dimension existing in both Egypt and Syria.  There are also a lot of stories of very ancient technologies being buried deep in the deserts, one is supposed to be buried under the sphinx and is allegedly a merkabah (chariot of the gods).  That combined with all these recent finding of civilization existing long before we thought (or were told to think) any existed is making this pretty coincidental to say the least.  We're also finding a lot of evidence that corresponds to a lot of ancient texts about there being a big asteroid impact on earth around 10,000 yrs ago causing mass extinction and floods due to the melting of the polar caps which caused humanity to restart essentially. 

It also talks about Islam being a creation of the west which is a pretty unpopular opinion I've had for a while now after doing some independent research.  Supposedly Islam was created by the Roman Empire and the Catholic Church to kill off "true believers" of Judaism and Christianity. Haven't gone too deep into that rabbit hole but I might have to circle back to it. 

Like you said if this is LARP it's a pretty damn thorough and well connected one haha, thought provoking at the least! It's true, I've dealt with it for years in silence. Not told anyone properly. I'm a normal guy with a professional career yet have inexplicable experiences that have led me to one conclusion and has almost forced me to accept there is a spiritual realm/dimension or whatever I've never bothered reading about it but know it exists as I've had contact with something (sentient) and these little balls of light or energy? quite a few times. Used to be terrifying now it's exhilarating and just incredible, deep down I have e feeling it's not good for me though. I dunno it's weird af and embarrassing to talk about in any detail even online.My understanding of this is that neural structures can make up to 11 connections per "node" or vertex.... 11 dimensional structures don't make sense in terms of physical space-time. But if we use the explanation given in the article about the different geometric structures (rod = 1D, plank or rectangle = 2D, cube = 3D) it seems that the number of "dimensions" means the number of branches leaving each corner/node/vertex, and not that the brain exists in a higher dimension than the 4D space-time we generally consider to be reality.Heh. I got exposed through diving into deep rabbit holes and the connections were found.  David Icke.  William Cooper.   

Best video format info on the mystery religion that I've come across is from those guys.  Also graham Hancock touches on the idea.  R/Holofractal reinforces the holographic principle for me.  

It's all waves of energy and we're caught in a focus of frequencies being stuck in this dimension somehow against our will (those of us who have thought this abstractly at least)

It's a wacky grove of information but there is an organization to it that supposes the common denominators of the entire history of men and their evil.  

Wipe out humans and regrow them as an amnesia-ridden control group.  

Every religion is a tactful deception.  There's a reason Gnostics were hunted down for saying these things throughout history. 

They all worship a demiurge that holds humanity in captivity within the spectrum of light.  Our consciousness transcends this.  Close your eyes and imagine anything you want because that's the true you. 

Edit: and there are a lot of counter arguments that claim Occam's razor and the burden of proof, but let those people sit in denial with their fabricated "reasoning" techniques and actually tackle the data that is out there.  Disregard the corporate logo telling you information and seek it out in a multitude of formats and get a bigger picture.  Eventually your intuition begins to flare up when bullshit is apparent.  It just takes some back knowledge of historical data and an open and abstract method of linking the dots.  

Someday we will have technology that can abstractly look for patterns and give us the "evidence" that we've been lacking.  Our definition of evidence is far outdated with the types of data analysis we can do nowadays to get to the bottom of the bigger conspiracies.  Look at the consolidation of corporate investors and their affiliations.  

The story is there if people get over wanting to deny what is available. Great little video. I think inside the handbags were hallucinogens, and those entities are not from "space" but another dimension :)I am not sure of its complete validity. But this document from the actual FBI Website claims Aliens visit from another dimension. The reason I am including it here is because it is the most viewed FBI Document in history. Here is an excerpt

 
According to a declassified document released by the FBI, not only are we being visited by Alien beings from other worlds, but we have been visited by “beings from other dimensions.”
The official link from the FBI vault can be found here: http://vault.fbi.gov/UFO/UFO%20Part%201%20of%2016/view

Is it surprising that the FBI has shown interest in the study of the UFO phenomena? Is it possible that many science fiction films are actually based on real events, or better called “leaks” given by the government in order to deliberately raise awareness among the population?

In 2011 after some documents were “declassified” a report written by a special agent of the FBI in 1947 reached the public. The special agent of the FBI, a lieutenant colonel whose identity, remained anonymous because of “national security” gather numerous data on the UFO phenomena after interviewing and studying the phenomena for years.


 
According to reports and “Declassified” documents, we have been visited by numbs extraterrestrial species, some of these, are not only from other planets but from other dimensions. Some of these beings originate from an ethereal plane coexistent with our physical universe. These “entities” that could “materialize” on our planet appeared as giant translucent figures.

fbi-interdimensional-ufos

Here is a transcript of some of the most important details of the report:

1. Part of the disks carry crews; others are under remote control

2. Their mission is peaceful. The visitors contemplate settling on this plane

3. These visitors are human-like but much larger in size

4. They are not excarnate Earth people but come from their own world






5. They do NOT come from a planet as we use the word, but from an etheric planet which interpenetrates with our own and is not perceptible to us

6. The bodies of the visitors, and the craft, automatically materialize on entering the vibratory rate of our dense matter

7. The disks posses a type of radiant energy or a ray, which will easily disintegrate any attacking ship. They reenter the etheric at will, and so simply disappear from our vision, without trace

8. The region from which they come is not the “astral plane”, but corresponds to the Lokas or Talas. Students of Esoteric matters will understand these terms. http://www.ancient-code.com/the-fbi-admits-visits-of-beings-from-other-dimensions-declassified-fbi-document/Is it a coincidence that twitter's design was chosen as the basis for the trojan social network that USAID constructed with the intent to politically and socially manipulate the youth of Cuba?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZunZuneo

&gt;The U.S. government covertly developed the service as a long-term strategy to encourage Cuban youths to revolt against the nation's government, fomenting a "Cuban Spring"—a reference to the Arab Spring revolutions. The initiative also appears to have had a surveillance dimension, allowing "a vast database about Cuban ZunZuneo subscribers, including gender, age, 'receptiveness' and 'political tendencies'" to be built. The word "zunzuneo" is Cuban slang for a hummingbird's call.[1]

&gt;Contractors funded by USAID "set up a byzantine system of front companies using a Cayman Islands bank account, **and recruit[ed] unsuspecting executives who would not be told of the company's ties to the U.S. government**," according to an Associated Press (AP) report which traced the origin of the service.

Who does @jack report to?It's really hard to define so I'm going to give it my best shot.

First you need to consider that everything in this universe is composed of either energy, frequency, or vibration. This was Tesla's theory at least before we understood quantum mechanics.

When my third eye was closed my periphery of the universe as I understood it was very limited both physically, and intellectually. I would grasp basic concepts, but never really saw the interconnected nature of the universe. I was preoccupied with and unable to see the true nature of the world around me, and was selfishly only really aware of myself, my own energy, and frequencies and didn't really care to understand the frequency and energy or vibrations of other beings, and even objects. I was blocked from tapping into the collective consciousness of humanity, and felt isolated and disconnected.

Upon waking up I realized that everything in this universe is both connected, yet isolated at the same time. Almost like a computer where everything is broken into tiny little pixels. Together they form a whole picture, but individually they're isolated from the rest of the other pixels and have their own unique identity when you zoom in close enough. While some pixels might be red, others are blue, etc. yet together they form an entirely different image.

At the quantum level, every atom contains the data necessary to be anything else in the universe. What this means everything in this universe can be anything. So the atoms that make up your body or just like those pixels and can be any color. They are the same atoms that can be a tree or a chair, or an item or being on another planet. At the quantum level, we are all a part of the same system. The entire universe we live in is composed of the same universal laws and structures.

One of the variables to quantum reality is that when an observer, or consciousness is present, then quantum physics behaves differently. Meaning, consciousness itself has a direct implication on reality at a quantum level, and that directly changes the reality we live in. A different set of rules are applied at a quantum level due to the mere presence of consciousness.

So then this raises the question of what is consciousness? How can consciousness effect quantum physics and reality?

When you then consider the possibilities and potential for consciousness, especially when you think about reincarnation, DNA, innate knowledge, etc. Then the potential and possibilities are rather endless. We do not know or understand what consciousness really is, but we do know it has the power to change reality which is incredibly powerful.

Once you question the true nature of self, what we like to call "I", you realize that who you are and what your consciousness is built upon layers of predefined reality. The fact of the matter is every consciousness is unique, and pure consciousness without all the constructs of conditioned modern life is not as preoccupied with self, but is instead more interested in being connected with others and is made up of the same atoms and pixels as everything else. Consciousness does not want to be alone or disconnected, or isolated from the rest of humanity and the universe.

Then when you factor in multi-verse theory, and the possibility of infinite universes this really opens up the realm of potential and possibility. So what we think of as aliens, ghosts, etc. could simply be beings from another universe, or dimension. We know based on advanced imaging studies that the brain processes information in at least 11 different dimensions, and that's just what we've been able to identify so far. Other universes may have other dimensions, and other dimensions may contain other universes.

Whatever dimensions we have access to in this reality and this universe is also unknown. It is possible all the universes and all of the realities and all of the possibilities are all connected somehow, yet also stand alone with their own unique laws and potential. So what happens when these connected yet stand alone universes interact with each other? Is that where consciousness comes from?

The human body contains at least 7 different energy centers, or charkas, or whatever you want to call them.

The 3rd eye is the 6th energy center from the base, and is supposedly the root of the soul, or the source of consciousness and intuition. It is your pure consciousness if you will without all the conditioning. It is who you're programmed genetically to be. It is your connection to the source of what defines you.

If you apply Tesla's theory, the human body is merely a receiver of sorts for connecting quantum reality to consciousness. So frequency, vibration, and plasticity are critical to the proper functioning of the human body and connecting us not only to our pure consciousness, but also to the rest of the universe (the crown charka which is the 7th above the 3rd eye). Supposedly people who can access the crown charka and navigate it are able to potentially reach higher dimensions of being, also heard people who take DMT can have similar experiences.

Anyhow, this has gone on long enough and probably appears to be the rantings of a mad man. I have no idea how much truth is contained within what I just wrote, but ultimately I never thought about any of this stuff before I woke up to the possibility and potential of our species, and universe. If this is my third eye being open to be able to consider and question and ponder all these possibilities then so be it, if it is something else well then I lack the words to explain it.I have a similar view. I just spent about half a year digging into this subject. Taking a break now. We go down the rabbit hole and we reach the Dracos. The thing is, while I've seen/heard enough evidence for Nordic/Humanoid ETs and Greys (Tall/short), I have not seen anything to support the Dracos. So all this tied up story about them being behind it all, that H.W. Bush is a reptilian, as was Clinton and (every political leader of major country) except now the Donald. Come on. These are humans who want money and power. Even if there was some bloodline, there's people who are born within families that are totally different in character and their agenda then the rest of the clan. The blood doesn't determine who you are. And shapeshifting may be possible, but not here in the physical world, maybe in the astral or inner dimensional (another topic).

The patent OP references here, I looked into that. The guy submitted them like 10 years ago and abandoned them. So they are not patents, but actually bogus. The description of how the TR3B works is not the same the guy (Fuchs?) who leaked it out first describes, so there is inconsistency. Someone is BSing. (edit: Why would the DOD allow publication of a classified top secret anti gravity space craft when they suppress thousands of patents?) One ufologist thinks he's a **schizophreniac**. Did you check out his walk thru walls training patent? yeah see if it works (wear a helmet). 

So back to what conclusions I found. Dr Steven Greer's "connect the dots" arguments are most clear and backed up. Guy is credible and he's not a reptilian, GTFO with that. The whole main reason for secrecy is the alternative energy technology and it's threat to the established monetary system. This leads further to the big global warming debate. 

I think people have a problem that there may exist another dimension besides this one, as that enters into the **paranormal** and the dreaded seemingly debunked religion area.. they can't accept that. They rather accept the Draco story. It's interesting how religious people have to face reality and accept science, but equally interesting how science people have to face reality as well and accept that there is a paranormal/other dimension that is behind this one. They are both in denial but the more "science camp people" are having even a harder time looks like.

Ufologists want the physical UFOs and crafts. Yes, some were knocked down using **Tesla** inspired tech, scaler weaponry ("death ray"). We have them now in the underground super secret bases. We have ships that use both man's innovation and augmented by ET tech that they were able to back engineer (though mostly not able - still too advanced). Flux Liners or **ARVs** and **TR3Bs** there is evidence for each, and we may be able to space travel with some variant of. 

My conclusions: global warming by man made fossil fuel burning is (one) significant factor contributing to an unnatural and dire global warming **rate**. The people behind keeping fossil fuels as the main energy source, are part of a transnational kabal keeping alternative energy sources (based on human innovation and augmented by ET technology) suppressed. At the same, this same group counters the man made fossil fuel warming via geoengineering in order to help cool the planet, thus in the process polluting the air, water, and planet on both ends to keep their petrodollar macroeconomy in place. They are able to accomplish this working behind the military industrial/security complex in illegal, unconstitutional covert operations under the guise of national security, funded by trillions of embezzled dollars.

"The agendas within this group (against Disclosure), are separate and competing. One would be **macroeconomical** control - global domination- they want the oil system, their utility systems in place, it's all about macroeconomy for those guys. Those are more of the real political folk like Papa Bush (Rumsfeld). Then we have people, as I mentioned who are **epistemological**. They would love to see a final battle that would happen, that would result in the end of the world, so that their Messiah, or Christ, would return. They're religious nuts. They make the Taliban look like liberals." Then you have the **sociopaths** - who really love endless war. They love torture. They love destruction. They're addicted to it. And I met with some of these people, they are true psychopaths (Dick Cheney, etc). Scary characters. Then you have a group who don't know how to come clean without it being the biggest scandal.. imagine we learn that we have all these technologies to replace oil. There's an inertia that this secrecy has. They just want to retire and go fishing **without the trouble**." -Dr. Steven Greer

So. Groups that want secrecy/against disclosure are:
1. Business guys
2. Religious nuts
3. Sociopaths/psychopaths
4. Don't want to rock the boat/no trouble

Reptilians may exist somewhere, and on some other planet. But I have not seen any evidence for them. Yes I heard Mr Icke's lectures, not sold on the bloodline or shapeshifting thing. Are they in the Earth, with entrance from the Antarctic somewhere? **No evidence.** Mr. Goode seems to have had his mind messed with by the military CIA maniacs for this alternative alien threat/bad alien invasion they have as a card to play. (Human slave ships?) I sooner believe in the foot tall humanoid creatures examined by Sirius Disclosure, because we have the freaking bodies and there was three of them, one alive at one point. **Hard evidence.**

Because Trump appoints such pro fossil fuel guys, and is aligned with Putin and his petro wealth strategy, I don't see Disclosure with this presidency. This despite him not being a reptilian lol

edit: Made some minor grammar edits. Also, wanted to add 1990/end of the Cold War seemed to be the most appropriate time for Disclosure, we are way past that. I know, it's weird right? Sometimes I feel like we actually did enter an alternate dimension somewhere along the waylets try to develop interesting dialog in the comments here to help float this post to the top. 

3rd dimension

&gt;The labels I have for myself define who I am as a person

4th dimension 

&gt;I may take on a spiritually themed ego structure.

&gt;Ego is my ultimate enemy and therefore my ‘goal’ is to get rid of it.

5th dimension

&gt;The All is the One, and the One is the All as consciousness begins to awaken even further, the ego drops and judgments begin to fade away. You realize that the darkness of the world is a direct reflection of the shadow that still exists inside of you. You no longer try to change the world, but rather begin to heal yourself.

&gt;I am no longer attached to my labels

&gt;I am beginning to see that “god”, “the universe,” or “source” lies within. As the master inside of me begins to awaken I realize I have held the power all along.

&gt;By Nikki Sapp

she is "on the nose", as our British mates might say, when it comes to this ego and label thing

if we were to take a yellow sticky note and write a label on it, and sticky it to you, you would have so many labels that you would look like Big Bird 

"american"

"woman"

"black"

"accountant"

"baptist"

"chiefs fan"

"republican"

"feminist"

"pro-choice"

"pretty"

so one major problem, as far as i can tell, is that once you identify with and/or associate with a certain label, then you instinctively/reflexively defend that label and reject its opposite.  

i suspect one reason we do this is because it takes hard work and dedication to try and fully understand all of life's most prominent issues. 

for example, how many "pro-choice" people have spent a lot of time trying to understand the "pro-life" mindset, beyond some shallow stereotypical memes?

how many "feminists" have spent an equal amount of time trying to understand mens issues?

how many "americans" have reached out to a "russian" and said "hey lets be friends!"

how many "chiefs fans" are going to "see" a questionable call by an official in a way that favors their own team?

i suspect that at some level, (((TPTB))) understand this about human nature, and therefore work very hard to instill these labels in the minds of people at a very young age... 

*why would you even ask* a grade school student to pledge their allegiance to a flag?

so anyway, we are all tarred and feathered with these yellow sticky note labels, and we don't even realize it, and therefore do not realize that it is a problem

your challenge, should you choose to accept it, is to find a way to drop your own ego, and drop all of the labels, similar to a house of cards collapsing. 

the sensation could be compared to a snake shedding its skin, or a chick hatching out of an egg, or a "re-birth", doffing dirty clothes. 

URL_REPLACED

 

I do think like you do.  I do feel robbed of real life.  I feel like no matter how hard I try, it almost feels like there are beings in a dimension beyond my reach that are "diddling" with my life.  There's more to life than we realise, that much is certain.  It's not just cause and effect in our 4 dimensions of space and time.  I strongly suspect that other dimensions are "diddling" with us.Our entire solar system was created on purpose by "higher-dimensional" beings (who are actually us in reality), as was our entire universe. Our laws of physics are merely the language by which our particular singularity translates higher dimensional ideals into lower dimensional "physical" reality. We are purposefully designed to allow the higher-dimensional aspect of ourselves, the divine unity of all, to cessate into our physical vessel. This is as simple as looking at our DNA and seeing that its shape and configuration is predicated directly by the frequencies of light that emanate from our Sun, from our melanin production levels all the way to how we code for neurotransmitters that directly influence our mood (I.e. SAD, Vitamin E deficiency, Hemaglobin production).

Each Galaxy has its own Solar Systems governed by their own Suns that emanate life on their planets through their particular solar configurations. Life is very common throughout the Universe as our entire Universe is a conscious being itself which speaks through languages we may call physics, chemistry, and biology.

The arrangement of each of these life-bearing solar systems is belied by a system of energetic movement from the higher-dimensional planes of cosmic unity all the way to physical unity, for life traverses the staircase between action and ideas by sitting upon the buttress of what we call the soul or spirit, which binds the two together into one product. The staircase is typically as follows:

1. Environment
2. Physiology
3. Emotion
4. Feeling
5. Thought
6. Action

The basic process for traversing this staircase is determined by the divine will that resides in each of us and we can choose how to assess it, through either ideas (1., 3. 5.) or actions (2., 4., 6.), but in order to properly move we must alternate constantly between both, as to walk smoothly we must utilise no less than two feet.

These 6 steps can be abstracted to the Tree of Life through Sephiroth 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8. The movement from the higher dimensional conciousness of Will to the lower dimensional conciousness of Thought to the lowest dimensional conciousness of Action. These steps are as follows:

1. Highest Wisdom
2. Intelligence or Spirit
3. Magnificence
4. Fear
5. Victory
6. Honor or Glory

This can also be thought of as the movement from Collective Conciousness (Superego), to Individual Conciousness (Id), to Personal Consciousness (Ego). The steps are as follows:

1. Active Intellect (Wisdom)
2. Passive Intellect (Understanding)
3. Superego
4. Id
5. Active Action
6. Passive Action

So on and so forth.

As I mentioned earlier, these 6 aspects of life can be split into two pillars, The Pillar of Mercy and The Pillar of Severity, representing the Masculine (Penetrative) and the Feminine (Absorbtive) respectively. This duality is also mirrored the design of the mind, being split into two hemispheres, and the nervous system, being split into the sympathetic and parasympathetic, and the brain, being split into the Forebrain and Hindbrain.

Really we can think of it from the growth of the binary Reptilian Brain, to the quaternary Primate Brain, to the superpositionary Human Brain. The Will of the Reptilian Brain is dictated primarily by Dopamine and Cortisol, the risk-and-reward system on a self-interested level. The Will of the Primate Brain is dictated primarily by Oxytocin and Serotonin, the prisoner's dilemma system on a self- and else-interested level. The Will of the Human Brain is dictated primarily by Wisdom and Intelligence, a mixture of all Four of these Neurotransmitter "elements" into complex forms and ideas. These each represent the HindBrain (Reptilian), MidBrain (Primate), and Forebrain (Human). Humans aren't really particularly special, we just happen to be the ones to develop these types of brains the fastest given the configuration of our solar system and other factors but these types are indeed necessary for the physical world of matter to mirror the spiritual world of ideals through the quasi-physical/spiritual world of thoughts and emotions. All life however ultimately seeks to unite with the spiritual world of cosmic unity with all things because it's what everything comes from originally and where everything will return to.

Our job here on earth is to master the Three Pillars of our Life: Mercy, Severity, Mildness; Masculine, Feminine, Childlike; Active, Passive, Neutral; Light, Dark, Void; Fire, Water, Air/Earth; etc. and is why our entire Solar Systems and Universes were created.

I think we were very aware of all this and how we are a reflection of our solar system and universe once upon a time, but the knowledge has been consolidated and obfuscated over time to render people pliable and powerless, like a ram without its horns we have have become mostly sheep. Calcination will inevitably need to take place before we can return to the true spiritual enlightenment of seeing ourselves as spiritual beings having a physical experience rather than physical beings having a spiritual experience.

I also wanted to elaborate on the dimensions:

1. The 1st Dimension, this is the static interaction that occurs between two quanta, electron-electron, proton-proton, proton-electron, etc. and the EM Field, Gravity, Weak Force, and/or Strong Field produced by this quantum interaction. In chemistry we would call this a Linear bonding geometry.
2. The 2nd dimension, a relationship between three objects will always require a basis of two vectors/lines to move between them if they are not in a line. This is where Planar geometry takes place on the quantum level and represents the flatness of space that is layered upon itself to create the 3D Universe. In Chemistry this is typically Trigonal Planar bonding geometry.
3. The 3rd Dimension, the overall geometry of our Universe removed from time that seeks to unite the 4 regions of 3D space (Front/Back, Top/Bottom, Side, Mix). In Chemistry we call this a Tetrahedral bonding geometry and it is the first time we leave the planar world to enter the world of volumes. The stacking of Lines (1st Dimension), Planes (2nd Dimension), and Volumes (3rd Dimension) are the tools by which our singularity/demiurge tries to mirror the divine will (7th Dimension, we'll get there in a second) in which it exists. This is the dimension that our actions arise from and act on directly.
4. The 4th Dimension, the plane where we can view the 3rd Dimension at any point in time. This is the dimension from where our thoughts arise from and act on directly because we can view our Universe as it is, was, and could be, stringing the three together using thoughts (which is really just our spirit navigating a 4D manifold of our 3D Universe).
5. The 5th Dimension is where the Universe exists simultaneously at every point in time (think this scene from Interstellar: ).
6. The 6th Dimension where the Multiverses exists, every possible Universe at every possible point in time.
7. The 7th dimension is also the 0th Dimension that creates the quantum fluctuations by which everything comes into a physical existence, this is an Infinite Number of Multiverses all existing simultaneously at an Infinite Number of points in time. This is where we originate from.When you get a whole crowd of ppl with fidget spinners to spin at EXACTLY the same time I heard it will project us into the 5th dimensionGuise I'm pretty sure the benevolent aliens from the Pleiades just took a wrong turn at Alpha Centauri.  They'll be here shortly to clear up our political messes and ensure humanities ascension to the next vibrational frequency dimension or whatever.A lot of people don't want to think about it or even acknowledge the very real possibility that some of us, if not all of us have been essentially programmed since we started in on any kind of media. 

We all could be one click away to setting off a reaction in our mind's that we're defenseless against and will consume you, next thing you know you're believing there is infinite genders and you're a wolf angel from dimension 32xeI won't rule it out. I have some theories regarding time and it "speeding up" would be possible within the theories I believe, but details on that are for another post. If I may offer an alternative explanation though, I'd be interested to see how you might consider this:  
The only reason we perceive time to be speeding up is because one year when you're 5 years old is 20% of your entire life. Whereas a year at 50 is 2% of your life. So it shouldn't be a surprise that from the perspective of the conscious observer (at least in this "time" dimension we currently exist in) time speeds up exponentially as they age. Thoughts? I didn't mention what happened when I got to the top of the hill. I had two figures approach me in the darkness. The light was reflecting off the trees so I could barely make out what they looked like. My eyes might have betrayed me, but I believe it was the classic gray "aliens" that everyone talks about. Shiny grey skin, big black eyes. I got a feeling of being overwhelmed about what was happening and the next thing I know I am picking myself off the ground. I must have fainted. The light was gone and I'm just laying there in the darkness.

 That's when I started hearing the voices. Raspy, whisper like voices that sounded totally inhuman and terrifying. I forget a lot of what it/they said. I remember asking questions about the future but they wouldn't give me a straight answer. I asked what happens when we die. They told me we live the exact same life over and over without knowing or remembering anything. I think a lot of what they said were lies. Mostly they just fucked with me. They told me to jump into a tree because there was a portal that would take me to their dimension. I stupidly did just that and bloodied my face. Then they told me to jump in the campfire we had built. I didn't fall for that trick. Mostly they told me horrible things to get me to kill myself. 

I remember all hope completely fading and it got to the point where death seemed like the only escape. Maybe in an alternate dimension we're living like the URL_REPLACED

* 1907 geothermal plant
* 1884 electric car
* 1884 photovoltaic solar array (i.e. solar panel)
* 1887 electric power derived from windmill (wind energy)
* 1889 Tesla tower (free wireless electrical energy) -- still in its infancy today on very small scale (wireless cellphone charging)

Nikola Tesla had already invented the technology for wireless electricity over great distances. A century later that technology is still suppressed because it threatens the energy companies. It's even illegal in some countries to use solar panels (i.e. to go off the grid and generate your own electricity)Hey guys, don't go into /r/politics if you don't want to get angry. 

The mental gymnastics and shilling there has blasted well into the next dimension. &gt;We all exist on a certain frequency or wave length. Our bodies are dialed into this third dimensional time frame of existence. We all resonate to this frequency, thus we are all in tune with each other and the third dimension itself. If you have heard of Mass Consciousness, it ties into this. This is why group meditations can be so powerful.  
  

&gt;Now, think about if you truly knew the truth of our reality, and could manipulate that global consciousness to your own will. Like a few Border Collies slowly leading a group of sheep in a direction. I hate using the sheep analogy but I hope I am providing a picture for you here.  
  

&gt;Because of our Third Dimensional Reality, and the Universal Law of Free Will, this reality, or freqency, let's others experience and partake either in service to self or service to others. The Law of One is what this understanding is. Because we are behind a veil of amnesia, and do not truly know or remember everything we have experienced, it makes this illusionary reality seem "real" it makes it seem like you are your body and nothing more. It makes it so easy to think and believe that. I do not want to go into this too much but I implore you to think about the Possibilities that we are truly eternal souls that never die, and our Physical Bodies at this time are nothing more than a vessel for this time frame of existence for our soul and one of many life times we have and will live. Imagine such powerful perspectives, and then imagine what can be gained by keeping that kind of information from you. Imagine how much easier it would be to control a society that is unaware of what and who they are. Imagine how hard it would be to control a fully conscious self aware society that realizes we are more than our bodies.  
  
  
Drivel.&gt; The  Craft seen over Ukraine DOES NOT belong to the US military or any other group of surface humans! The Object Truthfully belongs to the Sirian Star Nation which is a race of Advanced Ascended Humans from the Dual Star System Sirius A and B1, which is approximately 7 light years from earth. The Sirians are a member of the Galactic Federation of Light which is an organization of over 250,000 individual Star Nations. The Earth has a Crystalline Consciousness Grid of 88,000 nodal points for example Giza, Sedona, Stonehenge, Shasta, and Chakra 6 Iran Afghanistan border. The global vibration rises every day and we are approaching our Ascension point which will begin with the Fall of the Dark Cabal, currency reevaluation, disclosure of the classified true nature of the universe, and distribution of the prosperity funds to all. There will be a 2 week period called the event when the old systems are replaced. Immediately after the event certain individuals will come forward and educate people on Galactic culture for the purpose of a series of mass sightings of UFOs. After a little more than a month the all clear for the mass landings will be given. At any point in time there are over 1,000,000 ships in orbit around the earth. The 3000ft Cigar shaped craft is massive for a scout ship and small for a mid-size craft which are normally about 20 miles long 600 feet wide and 6 decks high, however the mother ships average 100 miles across and the Base Stations can be 1000 to 1500 miles in diameter capable of housing 10 motherships. All of these ships are normally cloaked vibrating faster than the 3rd and 4th dimensions. Since most of these higher dimensional races are 5th dimensional or higher they are non-physical/quasiphysical plasma light beings. Any time they want to interact with a 3D civilization they density there ship and manifest a physical body. However if you open your third eye chakra you will be able to see the astral and etheric relms and you would see beings all around you. The Sirians established a base in 2013 in Antartica for the purpose of carrying out there 7 year survallence/ mentor mission. The Sirians monitor every earth humans thermic fields, dimensional stability, chakras, and stress levels which determine what we manifest from hepto-plasmic-holons into physical matter. The Dark Cabal is composed of the Human illuminati / Jesuits which is an organization that was created by Archons (demons) and reptilian beings physical and non physical. For the last 13,000 years the Illuminati families have coveted humanities wealth by helping the Archons feed off of the lower human emotional suffering by creating non-human entities called corporations. Large groups of people over minor chakra points or womb chakras can effect the global health of the earth energy grid. For example Syria, the Ukraine, Hiroshima, and Nagasaki. If the people are Unifidyed at these locations then there is a exponital benefit to the entire earth if they are at War there is spiritual degradation. The American CIA has been attempting to slow down or stop the Asension process by infiltrating opposing racial groups in certain strategic areas. The Sirians have been Telepathically organizing the awakened Ground Crew Lightworkers to counter the Illuminati mischeve. In 1945 the ethiric soul of the Earth Gaia sent out a distress call to the entire universe after Hiroshima and Nagasaki were destroyed. Thermonuclear weapons destroy the morphogenetic Feild of the universe by destroying all the energy down to the atomic level. This destroys the 1st dimension through the 12th. The distress call sent out in 1945 iniciated a mass migration of souls to incarnate on earth in order to bring more Light and Love. Starseeds are hybrid souls that have lived a wide variety of ascended lives as many different beings. There are approximately 900,000 starseeds on earth today most of them under age 25. We are the bravest of the brave in the most difficult spiritual school in the universe. Earth and our solar system is the center of attention in the universe die to the largest diversity of souls are incarnated here, which means earth has the most Karma tied to it. Potentially mistakes made 54 million years ago are going to be transmuted. We are the creators our current reality is an illusion we must light up the dark places within ourselves. The event will occur followed by mass landings, mentor train by the Ascended Masters and 3 months after the event humans will travel to inner earth to our light chambers to have our frequency rasied. This will only begin after key operations by the light forces all of which are underway, but will not conclude until it is in humanities best interst , meaning that the shift will generate minimal collateral damage. I believe the event is most likely to happen in the spring of eraly summer so minimum of 4 weeks maximum December 2015. Peace Love Unity Victory to the Light!


For reference. Qatar is now in a bad situation since the US, Saudi royalty and the UK are all teaming up against the current Qatar regime. 

Qatar is Clinton's money laundering agent and backer as well as their exile plan. This adds a new dimension to recent events.

The noose is being tightened.Wikipedia-click rabbitholes.

Wag the Dog --&gt;

Anne Heche --&gt;

&gt; Heche stated she was "insane" for the first 31 years of her life, and that this was triggered by being sexually abused by her father during her infancy and childhood. In a series of interviews with Barbara Walters, Matt Lauer, and Larry King to promote Call Me Crazy in 2001, Heche stated on national television that she created a fantasy world called the "Fourth Dimension" to make herself feel safe, and had an alter ego who was the daughter of God and half-sister of Jesus Christ named "Celestia", who had contacts with extraterrestrial life forms. Heche said she recovered from her mental health concerns following the incident in Cantua Creek and has put her alter ego behind her.&gt;What you’ve seen is really an integrated effort to prioritize diplomatic and informational aspects of national power, but also what you’ll see soon is using the economic dimension of national power as well as the military preparations that are underway

reminds me of that buzzword bingo commercial a couple of years back&gt; some forms of fungi

This sounds like the beginning of a cool sci-fi novel with nuclear mutated super psychedelic Psilocybin.   When people unknowingly inhale the spores, they trip balls so hard they travel into the 22nd dimension.  A couple of references in pop culture:

1) Back to the future 2: Biff time travels and uses his knowledge of the future to make billions in the present. He lives in a casino/tower. And many have compared him to Trump.

2) Super Mario Bros Movie: A group of shapeshifting reptilians led by King Koopa, who looks like Donald Trump, try to take over Earth by merging their parallel dimension with ours.Extra dimensional beings.

"Demons" is just jargon from a time of control and general misunderstanding.

They have a positive and negative spectrum just as the 3rd dimension does.I've had an encounter and communication with a large snake in another dimension when drinking a cup of Ayahuasca in the Peruvian jungle. Will never forget that amazing experience.  The only item of consolation I can offer is that the distilled message at the end of the day is this: you need to embody the light, be the light, and be in accordance with love. Act towards others with the same love as you muster for yourself. If you can do that, you can shape the world around you to conform with that energy. If you work on yourself and recognize that you are also the whole, the timeline will take care of itself. 

Regarding 5th dimension transition, everyone who speaks of it projects their own fears, dreams, and hopes. They channel whatever energy they're putting out. Hence, why TPTB think it'll be catastrophic world-ending stuff, people who embody both emotions think it'll be violent transition before peace, people who are nothing but love think it'll be just turning into a rainbow body. Part of the lesson is not tuning into anyone but yourself, and your own voice. Try to do it from a place of higher frequencies to get the best signal. Don't try getting answers from a state of lower vibration.

Anyway, friend, I'm typing this out as a message/reminder to myself as much as to you. We'll all be okay.

I've been reading and researching for a very long time. The one thing that I always come to when you seem to be getting to the end of the rabbit hole is the Dracos, the new age religion galactic federation and all that. It's just so out there, such a thing to believe. You can see documents to other conspiracies with the government and technologies that were held back I get that stuff. But to believe the 5th dimension transition which they have been saying for some time now and it's always right around the corner and that disclosure is about to happen. I'm beginning to believe it's all to get people's hopes up so that when nothing happens they will lose even more faith than before. But all I know is what I know and Ill always research and keep looking for the answers. You're putting the "white race" in a superior position, using the Bible as a source lol. Sounds like a white Christian superiority complex, not a conspiracy. There is no higher power. The universe is one and we are a fragment of it, deciding to experience itself in a limited dimension.It has plenty of facts. Just ebcause you haven't read into them doesn't mean it doesn't exist. Believe it or not, your understanding of the world doesnt dictate reality.

How much have you read into these practices? There is an abundance of empirical evidence of these practices and concepts. Furthermore, it isnt predocated upin an invisible man in the sky. You knterjected that rationality. Beyond that, you are conceptualizing your theory on a higher power based on an argument you disagree with, which makes your argument self fulfilling. Just because God isnt an invisible man in the sky doesn't mean god isnt another form.

If your mind isnt capable of seeing past this, im not sure how you believe it is able to comprehend something beyond this dimension.I am visiting the Astral Afterlife on a regular basis. Let me be very clear that this makes me no different than anyone else. It is just that I have experimented with so many different techniques and supplements that the process just really works for me. That being said; I can tell you with complete confidence there is an Afterlife Realm. It is extremely similar to things around you. Houses, Restaurants, Bars etc..  The problem is, that is is controlled by the "ARCHONS". They have numerous, very eager humans who do their bidding for them in this dimension as well as the Astral Afterlife. If you want to end the Forced Reincarnation Process with Memory Erase (and save yourself and your loved ones) you absolutely must understand and learn how to "Cancel Soul Contracts". This is what these Satanic Sleazebags are using to enslave humanity. It is not just a "verbal agreement". It actually is an Energetic Implant located in your Personal Energy Field (Soul). By massive deception they fool people into agreeing and accepting these contracts. This allows them to Force Your Reincarnation, Erase Your Memory and Personal Avatar and subject you to horrendous hardships and brutality WITHOUT breaking the laws of "FREE WILL". Obviously you need to pay bills and lead a normal life. But you absolutely MUST understand what I am saying. This has gone on long enough. It never should have happened in the first place. Regardless, you now have the real opportunity to actually save yourself and your loved ones...Can anyone ELI5 the transcension hypothesis? 

As far as I understand it; it's a solution to the Fermi Paradox. Basically much like life and evolution continues to get more and more efficient, so does human beings. So if it took so long for multi cellular life to come along, then advanced adaptations came half as quick and in a blink we're now at the advanced intelligence stage. That mean's it's not far along until we've become so efficient that we transcend the dimension and find everyone else? 

I mean, the laws of this current universe make it impossible for us to meet anyone. We would literally evolve into something other than human by the time a generational ship, constrained by the speed of light, met anyone. So it might be easier to travel dimensions; kinda like how a warp core "bends" spacetime to allow FTL travel. 

Does this sound about right?      Here's what he's saying in a nutshell throughout the entire post:

1. 

The Deep State and Global Cabal have been dealt a death blow.

Mystery Babylon has begun to fall.

The 7 Flags will no longer reign.

The Republic of the United States of America, as envisioned in philosophical spirit, will be restored.

History is being rewritten and, if all goes peacefully, humanity gets the advanced technology long kept hidden.

This is for JFK
This is for Seth Rich
This is for all who have fallen in the name of truth.

I'd would advise that Emperor George "Palpatine" Soros and his son hightail it out of the country if they have not yet done so.

The Rebellion to restore The Republic has been won.

https://youtu.be/HgILti-Qows [Embed]

This is not a joke.

I'd also advise members of the media to calm down and stop presuming the worst. People need to be calm when the truth is told in full.

2. 

Trump, Putin, Medvedyev, NYPD commissioner and Hillary were all hit with the damning evidence at once early yesterday morning.

Arrests are probably happening now along with diplomatic conversations around the world.

Mafia was involved. State Department official royally fucked up by emailing a defense contractor in 2010 asking which SAO at NYFO handled WTC I.

Evidence clearly laying out Mossad involvement was given. Comey got canned because he didn't do shit with declassified docs which were slam dunks for Mossad involvement.

He was covering asses because the whole purpose of 911 was an excuse for war an to cover up $240 billion in bond fraud which heavily involved Federal Reserve.

Shit is going down.

And yes, there is a bunch of technology which has been kept from humanity.

Exposing this is the way to take these fuckers down for good and break you all out of their magik slave system.

3. 

State Department Email

https://wikileaks.org/gifiles/docs/37/379092_fw-wtc-i-.html


The $240 billion bond scheme

https://wikileaks.org/gifiles/docs/20/207972_-analytical-and-intelligence-comments-it-suggests-that.html

Declassified FBI material re: Mossad involvement, which Comey did nothing with

http://21stcenturywire.com/2015/09/11/911-revisited-declassified-fbi-files-reveal-new-details-about-the-five-israelis/

How Mossad ran the operation and acted as handlers of the hijackers

https://wikileaks.org/gifiles/docs/13/1332210_-analytical-and-intelligence-comments-mossad-ran-9-11-arab.html

We just prevented a manufactured WWIII by hitting everyone with this at once and vindicating Russia.

You're welcome.

4. 

Consider both positions as possible until we have some confirmation, Anons.
If it's for real there will be counter-moves by the various groups that themselves will need countering. I consider it unlikely they didn't have contingency plans.
If this is a shill trick it's a good one. Let me break down what I'm seeing. The score, very powerful, exercises the same parts of the brain as sex. Many chemicals! Much joy! This sets the tone for the victory address designed to put us at east, to make us relax and let down our guard.

STAY FROSTY, ANONS!
These are the best of the best psychopaths we're dealing with here. They may at this point even be regarded as a superior species to us. We're supposed to be the cattle but we're waking up.
EVERYONE STAY AWAKE AND ALERT!

5. 

We're human...but also kind of not.

http://www.experiencer.org/the-quantum-hologram-and-the-nature-of-consciousness/

https://astronomynow.com/2017/01/22/japanese-spacecraft-spots-planet-spanning-wave-on-venus/

This "activated" most of us by late last year, but there is an adjustment period for when we "wake up"...not remembering anything...and have to figure out what is happening.

As for everything else, Goode and Wilcock are legit.

Yes, SSPs exist.

Everything the past 24 hours was a big play to "end the beginning" so that the focus can now become explaining an unknown history to humanity, where you come from, who created you, who came to Earth as Prophets, etc.

ETIs have been among you a very long time, but multidimensions do exist. Humans are on 3rd, but most ETIs are 4th and up.

Dracos are real...and Icke is correct.

Yup...crazy world.

6.

Like I said, Dracos exist.

1976 - Diplomatic Cable of Kissinger.

https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1976STATE097132_b.html

The release of this cable predates any mention of the Draco aside from Icke. Spent weeks searching for an alternate attribution, but none was found.

Fact is, there has been a galactic war raging for quite some time now, but humanity is near full liberation.

We figured this would help. Truth sets you free, even when upsetting.

7. 

Timeline is on you all.

First and foremost, you need to stop being a bunch of petty and racist dicks to one another. Part of it is because you've been manipulated, but you all need to start taking accountability for yourselves and actions.

Tesla's theories about energy, frequency, vibration and reverberation thereof impacting future events is 100% correct.

Thus, here's a starting point.

Realize that you have been cockroaches, in the grand scheme of thighs, for a very long time and are still here bc benevolent forces finally stepped in on your behalf.

To start seeing the 4th Dimension, you have to be selfless, kind, merciful, loving, etc.

Many of you are descended from races known as Lyrans, Arcturians, Sirians, and Pleiadians.

I'm of the Pleiades and volunteered with 144,000 others to come down and help you all. What you have to understand is that your body is a vessel which holds consciousness and your consciousness can exist on multiple dimensional planes at once (higher self / lower self). Thus, for 27 years I just went on about my life as normal and then one day...boom! I was activated.

Christ was a Pleiadian.

Stratfor dudes laugh, but this email is pretty accurate from what I can both remember and from my research.

https://wikileaks.org/gifiles/docs/16/1696345_fwd-fwd-analytical-and-intelligence-comments-critical.html

Oh yeah...Stargates. They exist.

8. 

Oh trust me, we all go through the doubting period. I went and saw two doctors, clean bill of health, kept looking into Tesla's work and that of Edgar Mitchell.

Used Wikileaks and CIA databases the past year to piece together bunches of different information and apply to a lens of little known / forgotten history.

Illuminati, Free Masonry, Babylonian Talmudism. Yeah...it's all real.

Maybe a copy will one day be restored to the Library of Congress, but "Legions of Satan" (1785) proved to be accurate.

As for the Draco, google a photo of Queen Victoria and then google a photo of her coffin. HUGE height discrepancy...bc Draco return to normal height upon dying.Yup! 

He even wrote an essay about the experience, about about how safe he "knew" he was, and about what he felt and remembered when he lost it. 

URL_REPLACED

&gt; **The interrogators would hardly have had time to ask me any questions, and I knew that I would quite readily have agreed to supply any answer. I still feel ashamed when I think about it.** Also, in case it’s of interest, I have since woken up trying to push the bedcovers off my face, and if I do anything that makes me short of breath I find myself clawing at the air with a horrible sensation of smothering and claustrophobia. No doubt this will pass. As if detecting my misery and shame, one of my interrogators comfortingly said, “Any time is a long time when you’re breathing water.” I could have hugged him for saying so, and just then I was hit with a ghastly sense of the sadomasochistic dimension that underlies the relationship between the torturer and the tortured. I apply the Abraham Lincoln test for moral casuistry: “If slavery is not wrong, nothing is wrong.” Well, then, if waterboarding does not constitute torture, then there is no such thing as torture.

Emphasis mine. Also-

&gt; It goes without saying that I knew I could stop the process at any time, and that when it was all over I would be released into happy daylight rather than returned to a darkened cell. These people are Satanic. It is a fact. A group comprised of World Leaders and the Wealthy Elite. The entire group worships and answers to the ARCHONS. The Archons are Demonic Entities located in the Astral Dimension and communicate with the Elite through their insane rituals..Okay.. two options here: 1) You're just pulling my leg. 2) You are serious.

If you're serious... that means... you are trying to fast talk me on the internet? You know it doesn't work like that, right? Do you really want me to respond to that gibberish? I mean, I can...  It's rife with logical errors. Not the least of which is:

Aliens existing necessitates extra dimensional space existing and then assuming that there is some sort of "entity" that exists therein. 

Maybe you mean they exist in some - non-Euclidean state? Fuck, if I know. I don't think you really mean anything...

I mean... that's a hell of a jump with absolutely no reasoning provided.  Maybe you just forgot it. Crazier yet, though... you confuse geometric dimension with what appears to be sci fi dimension... and wager a guess at how such a creature would perceive a 3d object.  

Honestly, this is just way too bonkers to really discuss.

But lets assume everything in your rambling comment is true. I believe in an infinite universe, aliens exist.  This somehow necessitates "extra dimensional entities." You know how they would perceive us, and they would think that the world looked "flat."

How on earth do you think that means that I believe the earth is flat? Are you, seriously, saying that because we would employ a different subjective term to describe a round sphere.... it's not actually a round sphere?

Now: if you're just pulling my leg... bravo, I guess?

Assange has been teleported to a different dimension, but he's ok. His cat told me so.Coming from the dude that says ETs are actually interdimensional terrestrial.

So you believe aliens are actually earthlings from a different dimension.......

And I'm the joke? LolEinsteins theory gets proven every day in CERN "The large hadron collider". So calling it theory seems wrong but ok it doesnt matter.
Particles get about 99.999 of the speed of light in CERN but they will not go over 100% its a law of our universe and has nothing to do with being more advanced.
If an alien made out of matter wants to become faster than light it has to evolve from a 3 dimensonal creature to a 5th dimension creature, or go from matter to tachyons but at that point it wouldnt be able to communicate with us anymore. The movie interstellar shows this really good.&gt; Is there any truth to project bluebeam from your experience? 

Does it matter if it was true or not?

&gt;Are the surveillance drones operating in a different dimension/frequency or are they simply cloaked?

Being cloaked IS being in another dimension/frequency

&gt;Can they be physically touched?

Yes

&gt;Is the cube technology you speak of nanotech?

It is what nanotech CAME FROM!

&gt;And if so how else do they use nanotech to keep us in servitude?

If you have gotten certain vaccines/injections in the last 20 years or so, there are more than likely at least an older generation of nanotech in your body right now.

&gt;Are these projected thought forms be responsible for the negative intrusive thoughts most of the population experiences?

Yes

&gt;Finally have you witnessed or heard of renegade groups trying to get the drone technology (antigravity?) Or other humanity saving technologies out to the public?

NO, THESE ARE LIES BY THEM.planets arent real. these are allegories of the densities.

according to this, mars is the 4th dimension. venus the 2nd.

jupiter the 5th. saturn the 6th. uranus 7th. neptune 8th. pluto 9th.

thats the single digit can hold. trans plutonian are the paa tals elven golden race densities?Waaat the fucckkk. Did we just pass through to another dimension. Also no one is going to be held accountable for snuffing internet dissent?? this is crazy the Liberals are crying in their wet cereal and the people who colluded against the progressives are slinking back into the wallpaperNah, he is just a reptilian slipping in and out a bit into his and our dimension 

Edit: OMG it's my cake day!! Woohoo 2 years. Reddit has definitely replaced almost all other websites I was using back then to get information or socialize Can you teach me how to move into other dimensions?
What effort do I need to travel into another dimension?... You my friend can make a shit ton of money...

I mean you could have retired early just by betting on the Patriots coming back from 25 points in the super bowl yesterday.Waaat the fucckkk. Did we just pass through to another dimension. Also no one is going to be held accountable for snuffing internet dissent?? this is crazy the Liberals are crying in their wet cereal and the people who colluded against the progressives are slinking back into the wallpaperWell I'm going to be 50 next year and back when I was in HS in the early 80s, we were really worried about the Cold War going hot.  I live in OKC and just to the East is Tinker Air Force Base, where they maintain the US AWACS Radar Fleet.  We grew up knowing we were an early target if Russia ever decided to launch their nukes...and Regan was all too willing to hype this fear at every opportunity.

It was difficult to be positive and up beat when faced with annihilation but then again, it's not.  It's all a matter of focus.  What you focus on determines your reality.

Don't believe me?  Ok....I use the stop light analogy to illustrate the point.

Two cars pull of the a stoplight.  In the first car is a woman who's running late to an important appointment.  She's under a tremendous amount of pressure in her life and as every second ticks by, she's getting angrier and angrier because she's becoming later and later.  In the second car is a woman that is thankful for the red light.  She gets a breather, a respite, a break from the chaos of her life.  She looks around and notices all the little birds flying every which way, she notices the beautiful green trees set against the background of a beautiful blue sky with white puffy clouds and she breathes deep and relaxes into the moment.

Now - both women experienced the exact same stimulus, the red light, but both are experiencing VERY different realities because of their focus.  

If you want to experience a different reality, change your focus and what you perceive will change accordingly.  

Also if you want to check out some cooler things about consciousness check out /r/DimensionalJumping or the book URL_REPLACED which I'm sure you can find at your local library.

One helpful thing to remember about fear is that it's simply an acronym for:  
**F**alse  
**E**vidence    
**A**pearing  
**R**eal  

It just appears real but just because it appears that way doesn't make it true.  Just ignore it and live your life however you want.  

Cheers!Oh lord...what dimension of pure evil insanity have I entered???They do live inside the Hollow Earth. They are in the Astral Dimension also. You will unfortunately meet them after you die.You are in a play. You live in a holographic universe where you uploaded into the cast from a 5th dimension.

Edit: Downvoter. You don't believe in a holographic universe?

URL_REPLACED

URL_REPLACED

That is just us primitive 21st century humans. What do you  think it will be like in the 22nd century? Wake the Fuck up out of your cognitive dissonance.Truth doesn't change for anyone, not even you. You can attempt to belittle me. I am on a higher plane to you, although there are a lot of people here. I am speaking my truths and this is how you and the majority of the populace reacts. I didn't go through channels to come to my knowledge, many others do. I took a sharp mind to a lot of information so that I need not bow down to anyone. I learned information and I am willing to share it with all of humanity. It's all over youtube and all over the internet, There are always people as gatekeepers mixing truth with lies to keep people stuck at certain places. I knew this, I listened to so many people and could pick out bullshit like no tomorrow. Some things took longer than others and I may be slightly off still but I know everything I speak is truth. but just like you think I am full of shit you believe they are too. If you let your ego out of your way and let my knowledge be passed to you.

It's like you're trying to get me to trash you or something. No I just think everything government is a lie. I come in peace I just want the truth to be understood so that people can live the life they are meant to. Either that or you can read the truth and scold it.

Secrets in plain sight people anyone who can think can figure everything out. If you are having difficulties, fast for 24 hours and think about it, the answers will come to you. 

You can say anything you want, passion holds me back but in time it will slow down and I will find my resting point. The other thing that holds me back is the lack of enlightenment from the public. FAST, EAT CLEAN, SMOKE WEED, DO MAGIC MUSHROOMS, DO AYAHUSCHA, EXERCISE, all of those things will lead you down the path to what you really are.

Know thyself

Do as thou wilt

I can say watch out for the huge hole in the ground but it won't stop tons of you from falling to the next dimension instead of rising.Well, beings outside the matrix are always perfectly wonderful. The beings inside the matrix are always helping each other but the humans, in ancient history, demanded to be left alone and the wish was granted. 

If aliens do help, which they probably will, it's usually through the process of information exchange meaning they will teach humans how to establish peace, etc.  

It is possible for the earth to disappear and reappear in a new dimension where all the surrounding planets have life on it. 

Any deception happens in the matrix but not outside. Moon landing was real but they took PR shots, flat earth is a psyop and I heard and experienced it's really about layers between dimensions, there's a flat frequency barrier between them and they look different from each side, prolly some kind of vibration our tools can't measure yet. Maybe not free energy but definitely a way more efficient energy source, I met aliens sure about their existence and yeah there's lot of disinfo regarding free energy/aliens I think because they know disclosure is imminent and they get off on confusion, fear etc.

edit: I think Rupert Shekldrake's morphogenetic fields theory ties into dimension thing: https://www.lifepositive.com/in-resonance/These people are Satanic. It is a fact. A group comprised of World Leaders and the Wealthy Elite. The entire group worships and answers to the ARCHONS. The Archons are Demonic Entities located in the Astral Dimension and communicate with the Elite through their insane rituals..I've just got a feeling about it that something is not right. There has been a lot going on recently but this one right in the midst of everything else... I completely agree with your theory. I believe a lot of conspiracies but this 4th dimension/demon stuff is just crazy. My general rule of thumb is take everything with a grain of salt until evidence is uncovered, these posts never have evidence and are getting more vague by the day. The elite controlling the economy, completely believable. The elite draining people's life energy to send to their demon overlords (actual post btw), not much so.They can access our dimension just like we can reach out and channel information from their dimension.

They aren't restrained to "their" dimension just like we aren't restrained to "our" dimension. There is no black and white polarization outside of third dimensional reality and they can interchangeably access and visit our dimension if they choose to do so. (Which they will shortly once we are all collectively ready for it)These people are Satanic. It is a fact. A group comprised of World Leaders and the Wealthy Elite. The entire group worships and answers to the ARCHONS. The Archons are Demonic Entities located in the Astral Dimension and communicate with the Elite through their insane rituals..Exactly. More people should listen to me. I am the all-seeing, ever-knowing lord of all time, space and dimension.

But yeah, this is a tongue-in-cheek post. It was either/or for the establishment.

Honestly, I think the establishment is weary of Hillco's blatant corruption, especially during the primaries. Too many people were outed so they bailed on her.All the knowledge how to fix literally everything and put us into the golden age are already known. I know a vast majority of it myself and I have learned it from others. The second people step up and tell our government we have had enough you'll see the entire thing flip. The bible says before that happens 1/3rd of people will die. The ones who are not worthy of the golden age. I hope every day they just release the plague and whatever else they have planned. The chosen will be fine. 

Electricity is free, Tesla invented it over 100 years ago, pollution free harnessed straight from the sky. Where do you think lightning comes from?

They purposely make everything to break and get viruses. Fix that shit too and we'd have amazing things that will last a long time.

Proper diet will fix all our body issues so we won't get sick. Even if you have cancer if you fix your diet and eat a herbal supplement you'll get cured. I say stop feeding our people poison and let them take drugs like we are meant to.

So so many more. The recognition of the second dimension all around us, the spirit world, that's the biggest one. It's why drugs are illegal. We will all be able to do whatever we want. There is so much more. Prophecy will be fulfilled. 

edit: More things, they have found everlasting lamps inside tombs and stuff. They obviously know how to make those, they just say "it's magic get rid of it."

Chambers heated by some sort of thing similar is probably possible too. I think humans won't be the only things on earth when it happens. I personally don't even believe NASA or any sphere earth theory. It might be true though so I don't push that. This world is nothing like people think it is. If you research "Crazy" theories you see how easily they hold up and make more sense than what we are taught. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devils_Tower

Do you really think lava formed that? If you say yes I'm sorry but I'd have a hard time not laughing in your face.Oh for fucks sake.

Yes, It's spelled Berenstain here, in this "dimension" or "world line" as I like to call it.

For everything that happens in reality, there are infinitely many different possible realities for each different possibility of what could have occurred, and they are all occurring at the same time. Let's say that in one reality, you left your keys on the table, while in yours, you lost them. If those two realities bump into each other, they could swap a part of it, and you will be the one who placed their key on the table rather than losing it. This is rather local though and not a very big change either. The reason most "glitches" or "mendela effects" aren't that big of a change is because these dimensions or "world lines" are close to each other. The more actions/events that had to change, the further away it is from ours.

That's why only minimal changes like word/name spellings, maybe a lost item found in it's usual spot, the color of a shirt, a new obvious stain on your graduation tux, things like that. Usually only the closest world line/dimension bumps into ours. That's why you don't have anyone coming from Post WWIII or some other catastrophe, because the changes to events or actions would have to be much more numerous than it would for what I've described above.

There have also been telescopes in space that have detected radiation far more powerful than it should be, and scientists have said that it could be dimensions bumping into each other allowing that radiation to leak through.

So we get to the Bernstein vs Bernstain argument. It's a very small change, just one letter. If we bumped into a dimension where it was spelled Bernstein, then it could switch and we would have that spelling changed. Having that many people have the spelling changed for them is not normal.They are talking about taking resources from another dimension and bringing it into ours, as a solution to our rapidly dwindling fossil fuels that are going to become scarce very soon. 

You haven't debunked shit, and you haven't researched what you claim to have.This comment shows your lack of knowledge about this particular topic.

&gt;Reagan began as a Hollywood Democrat; Franklin D. Roosevelt was his great hero.[65] He moved to the right in the 1950s, became a Republican in 1962, and emerged as a leading conservative spokesman in the Goldwater campaign of 1964.[66]

&gt;In his early political career, he joined numerous political committees with a left-wing orientation, such as the American Veterans Committee. He fought against Republican-sponsored right-to-work legislation and supported Helen Gahagan Douglas in 1950 when she was defeated for the Senate by Richard Nixon. It was his realization that Communists were a powerful backstage influence in those groups that led him to rally his friends against them.[67]

&gt;Reagan spoke frequently at rallies with a strong ideological dimension; in December 1945, he was stopped from leading an anti-nuclear rally in Hollywood by pressure from the Warner Bros. studio. He would later make nuclear weapons a key point of his presidency, specifically his opposition to mutual assured destruction, and he built on previous efforts to limit the spread of nuclear weapons.[68] In the 1948 presidential election, Reagan strongly supported Harry S. Truman, appearing on stage with him during a campaign speech in Los Angeles.[69] However, in the early 1950s, as his relationship with actress Nancy Davis grew,[70] he shifted to the right and endorsed the presidential candidacies of Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1952 and 1956 as well as Richard Nixon in 1960.[71]

&gt;He was hired by General Electric (GE) in 1954 to host the General Electric Theater, a weekly TV drama series. He also traveled across the country to give talks to over 200,000 GE employees as a motivational speaker. His many speeches—which he wrote himself—were non-partisan but carried a conservative, pro-business message; he was influenced by Lemuel Boulware, a senior GE executive. Boulware, known for his tough stance against unions and his innovative strategies to win over workers, championed the core tenets of modern American conservatism: free markets, anticommunism, lower taxes, and limited government.[72] Eager for a larger stage, but not allowed to enter politics by GE, he quit and formally registered as a Republican.[73] He often said, "I didn't leave the Democratic Party. The party left me."[74]

This is way more experience than Trump."Hey, guys, I know the elites are fucking with us..but, I can't explain how or why..just, that it happens. So, as filler, how about Michael Corleone? Does he not look like a blue pill, limited hangout, shill from the fourth dimension..trying to dole out world government and mass enslavement? LOL, give upvotes if you can relate to all of my juvenile conjecture and jargon!"These people are Satanic. It is a fact. A group comprised of World Leaders and the Wealthy Elite. The entire group worships and answers to the ARCHONS. The Archons are Demonic Entities located in the Astral Dimension and communicate with the Elite through their insane rituals..This is yes and a no.

They are in fact Jew*ish* which means pertaining to, but they are the also the Khazars who before that were known as the Idumeans and before that known as Edom.

Esau is Edom, the twin brother of Jacob who would have originally received the blessing but instead it was given to Jacob (Israel). So instead, Esau and his offspring would attempt to force the blessing simply by living by the sword until the end days (Book of Genesis)

So with that in mind, the Rothschilds themselves are actually Semitic because they are the offspring of Issac. Which means they are Edomite Hebrews. 

See in a way it is semantics because they never claim to be the real Jews, they claim to be the Jewish. This is also why Rothschild funded the Zionist state of Israel (Red Supremacy) which you will find no mention of THE STATE OF ISRAEL in the Bible. 

Another semantic you will find is that there is no mention of the Israeli in the Bible, it's the *Israelite's*, so technically they have never told a lie because people don't know the truth.

Now if you want to get even deeper, URL_REPLACED but are in fact of Edom and continued the *religion* of *Judaism* which was formed during the captivity of the real Israelites. 

They worship the URL_REPLACED. 

There is a difference because the Bible said all these things will be searched out during the end times. 

Now see, if you really want to get into it, the Bible states that in the end, the head will become to the tail.

**BLESSING FOR REAL ISRAELITE'S FOR FOLLOWING COMMANDMENTS**

&gt;Deuteronomy 28:13King James Version (KJV)

&gt;13 **And the Lord shall make thee the head, and not the tail;** and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath; if that thou hearken unto the commandments of the Lord thy God, which I command thee this day, to observe and to do them:

**CURSES FOR REAL ISRAELITE'S FOR NOT FOLLOWING COMMANDMENTS**
&gt;Deuteronomy 28:44-46King James Version (KJV)

&gt;44 He shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: **he shall be the head, and thou shalt be the tail.**

Now if you look at the pyramid of things, Rothschild = Red Shield (ESAU) but the other brother looked like everyone else at the time. If you simply use the spirit to discern, if Rothschild's nation is the richest family on the planet (HEAD) all you have to do is guess who is the poorest nation of people on the planet (TAIL). Then you have found the real Israelite's.

That is the switch the most high is pushing into this 3rd dimension because the curses are lifting up. This also means we are almost at the end.

&gt;2 Esdras 6:9

&gt;“For Esau is the end of the world, and Jacob is the beginning of it that followeth.” You should look into the art of channeling.

In every single person alive right now there is a gland called the pineal gland.

It has been described as the seat of the soul and is used to channel other consciousness outside the third dimension. It is our link to the divine, each other, and the cosmos, and can be used as a phone to call other consciousness.

It takes patience and meditation but anyone can channel good or bad consciousness The same dimension misfit, malcontented, obese SJWs come from. It's a land of fiction made up to look like truth.Like Obama's long-form birth certificate, this double-homicide was one of those "in plain sight" conspiracies that was so obvious you almost felt silly for pointing it out. 

Also, space lizards from another dimension raped my waifu. It's a portal through the veil. That's why things disappear without a trace. 

There are wormholes, hypothetically, that jump from one area of space to another. The Bermuda triangle jumps from this dimension to a different one. 

How this happens is through a blink. At a faster duration than Plancks constant a transition occurs in not space/time but space/dimension. 

Hypothetically, all dimensions share the same space. And in many of those dimensions the space that is our Bermuda triangle, is another dimensions configuration of a portal in their space. And when certain energy fluctuations in the veil occur, the portals become active. 
We are already experiencing the world in fourth dimension. First is lenght, second is width, third depth and the fourth *duration*. Without duration we would have no sense of time, of change. If we didn't move in fourth dimension there would be just stationary instants of three dimensional objects.  
 Does this article talk about dimensions in some other sense?There's a lot of fluff. But basically there's a dimension called the "warp" that is all fucked up because humans are crazy as it is reactive to the minds of beings with souls. Maybe they can, maybe they can't. However, I know they exist in the upside down dimension.&gt;Besides, isn't this entire subreddit intended to debate whether or not lizard people from the 7th dimension are secretly controlling us like a game of sims from the moon? not too defend politicians...... 

Uh, no its not. Its about researching a broad range of topics seriously. 

&gt;but for those of us that don't like trump, let us have our discussions about trump, 

I'm sorry, didn't you come on this forum to ask a question about OUR OPINIONS. I didn't introduce on anything, sorry you didn't want the comments and opinions you were fishing for. 

You obviously never had an interest in constructive debate, just wanted to hear some people who don't like Trump, because its all about making you feel better. Sad. Pathetic. Waste of time. Who wants to build a dimension traveling devise so we can go to a different dimension where Bernie won the electionKama is real.  And in order to ascend to the 5th dimension, you're going to have to clear it.  Podesta and his friends are Reptillian.  They don't abide by the same rules nor do they have consciousness like we do.  Their lives and livelihood is based on FEAR and CONTROLBeings from another universe or dimension sound more ridiculous to me than God, then again it could be that God is an entity from another dimension / universe, at the end of the day what can you do about it ?


This whole topic is a huge distraction for people to waste their time on though, David Icke ? Really ? He's a smart manipulative guy who found an audience to make money off of, that and it's most likely disinfo.My conjecture is that the entirety of the information contained within in the universe exists and is present in each infinitesimally small point in the universe.  Each point contains the whole.  As above so is below.

The trick is that in all n-dimensions, size or proportion are not on a 1 dimensional line of tiny to massive.  Each successive dimension is a circle, or Taurus, or n-taurus in which the infinitesimal becomes the infinite at a certain point in the loop.okay sometimes this berenstain dimension can be fun.So our universe would be 3D matter in a 4D medium. If you believe that the 4th dimension is woven with the fabric of time, then that would imply an infinite and collective form of consiousness. And i believe that the life as we know it is 3D matter opening windows within our bodies to access 4D in a limited way. Like a drop of rain from a cloud. &gt; It is kind of a cop out being that it's a know occurrence when you lack O2.

You’re saying that seeing a white light’s a known occurrence when you lack H2-0?

A) not that I know of, and B) I bet you a *lot* that seeing a white light when you lack H2-0 is *very* different than seeing a white light because your physical body just died.  Two different types of white light.

&gt; But I toss it out so I don't get brushed off by skeptics cause I'm still partially skeptical of the whole thing myself (and the majority of my peers as skeptics.

Be careful with skepticism.  It is no less a dogmatic disease as blind religious zealotry.  There’s really no difference between the blind religious zealot and the blind skeptic.  They’re just at opposite ends of the “denial” spectrum.

I’d say work more toward simply being a critical thinker than a skeptic per se.

&gt; As for needing to breath while I was in the light I, don't remember.

There was no “physical you” while you were in the light, so there was no need to breathe there - certainly not in the physical, third dimensional scope of the word anyway.

&gt; I had to swim back in alone crying and gasping for air.

So you almost drowned, but even though no one came to help you, you managed to swim yourself all the way back to shore?  How were you able to do that if you had almost just drowned moments before?  Sounds pretty scary actually.

&gt; One side being its natural(brain or psychosis) and the other being it's all real.

Brain/psychosis is all real too though.

&gt; Could have been a guardian turning me around in line.

Yep.  Possibly.  Someone saying “Nope.  It’s not your turn yet.”

&gt; To see and hear things in this reality is one thing but to have them in say a dream state or near death experience leaves room for the easily explainable. 

Not if what you experience in the dream state has a direct influence or causal corollary in the waking state.  If I dream that I went to the grocery store and saw a girl in a yellow dress I’d never known or seen before, started talking to her, found out her name was Mary and that she’s from Oregon…and then later on that day while I was awake, I go to the store and THAT EXACT SAME THING HAPPENS…then there’s simply no “skepticism” to work through.  You had an absolutely synchronistic event that cannot be explained by modern MSM science (“$cience”).  Simple as that.

&gt; I'm kind of one of those "have to see it to believe it" types.

I’d say maybe not because you’ve already had various anomalous experiences in your life and yet you still doubt their validity.

&gt; But as you can tell I'm still open to suggestion.

Be open to critical thinking and logic is all you have to be open to really.

&gt; More along the lines of the white light and my experiences may have just been mere hormones and brain chemicals on over drive.

That may have been what happened in *your* case, but there have been far too many cases where some of the things that people see while in the white light get verified in the physical, third dimensional state, and they are things the person in question had no way or knowing beforehand.

Like a 15 year old girl who’s an only child, born and raised in Alabama dies.  Goes into the light.  Meets up with a beautiful 9 year old boy she’s never seen before.  He tells her his name is Roger and that he’s her brother.  He says “Tell mom and dad I said hello.  And tell mom to stop kicking herself over what happened after school in Wyoming.  It wasn’t her fault.”

Girl is brought back to life, and after she’s stable and her parents come to see her, she tells her mom what happened.

Mom sobs uncontrollably.  Girl finds out parents never told her that before she was born her parents had a child named Roger who got hit by a car after deciding to walk home from school because mom was very late picking him up.

Accounts like this are replete in NDE literature.

Your white light might be explained away,  Cases like the one above one, however, can’t be.

&gt; To put it bluntly if I was certifiably dead tomorrow and was standing over my corpse in the morgue I would probably question whether I was actually dead.

That’s not an intelligent critical thinker, however.  That’s simply someone who doubts just to doubt - someone who’s taken skepticism to absurd lengths.  You can doubt that you and I have been communicating back and forth with one another too.  You can doubt that you’re even communicating with another human being right now.  I could just be a complicated, intelligent program.  Sure.  A critical examination of all the known facts of the world we live in, however, should help you throw out almost any option other than that your *actually* communicating with a live human being (me) right now.

Similarly, if you died and are standing above your own dead corpse looking down at it, and none of the people around the dead corpse respond to your trying to get their attention…then you can reasonably come to the *non-skeptical* conclusion that A) they can’t see or hear you, and B) you’re still alive and your personal identity has survived the expiration of the physical body you were previously using as a vehicle.

&gt; I'd most likely be standing there trying to make "logical"(scientific) sense of it all.

But I just finished making scientific sense of it in my response/example above.  What you’re doing is using a particularly caustic variant of science that’s much more like “$cience” that has gotten people to stop being actual critical thinkers and gotten them to, instead, doubt just for the very sake of doubting.  That’s a different thing altogether from actual science and critical thinking.

&gt; I figure my lack of a religious upbringing leaves me questioning more than going on faith with this matter.

It has nothing to do with religion one way or the other.  You can be the most non-religious person in the world, but if you’re truly logical and truly an intelligent, critical thinker, then you’ll go where the evidence and the data logically, rationally leads you *regardless* of whether it’s something that the MSM tells you is “hogwash” or not.

Don’t confuse skepticism for intelligence.  Too many people do nowadays - and they shouldn’t, for skepticism is only to doubt…and doubting is good IF YOU HAVE GOOD CAUSE FOR IT.  If you actually have a more logical reason for moving toward A rather than B, however, then it should never matter *what* B actually is or that it might be contrary to or go outside of the physical or what’s popular in this society, etc.

Again, this is not about religion one way or the other.  This is simply about intelligence and critical thinking.

&gt; For me to 100% believe my own experiences I'd need to be fully aware and not under any type of stress.

But I’d say you don’t actually mean that.  For example, you very much believed you were about to drown, didn’t you?  Your belief was so powerful that you screamed and cried out to anyone and everyone around to help you, right?  Yet you were under *terrible* stress at that time.  This shows that stress is not a factor the effects what you do and don’t believe.

&gt; Example would be while sitting here answering your questions a bright light starts to form. I'd need it to happen in this reality if you know what I'm saying.

If you have an experience in one reality “A” that has a direct corollary and effect in *this* reality “B”, then one would be rather remiss to deny the validity and external existence of A.

&gt; The only reason I can say I believe in paranormal activity what ever they may be is because my experiences were not under duress. That and 4 other dudes plus guests every day for almost a year all saw, heard, smelled the same things.

So then if you’re aware of the existence of paranormal activity, then you understand that there are things that are intelligent and that are not limited to existing in this physical third dimension alone.

Once you understand this fact, then you *necessarily* have to concede to the possibility of the existence of all *kinds* of other worlds and identities.This all provides an alternative interpretation of the biblical stories. Our souls being in possession of the devil and salvation coming in like some last minute cavalry when it all goes down.

I wonder if the vortex and dimension material pertains to male and female energy coming together to create a new universe, or something to that effect. I have not heard of this before, but I've read about male and female essence being a part of everything, and our two sexes having both energies to varying degrees. Maybe it's only the purests of spirit/souls that will have this opportunity.

My mind starts to wander.Do you know all dimensions share the same space? If you want to travel really far but never move, what you have to do is by shifting the frequency, will shift dimension. 

Since we are already traveling faster than light, I suppose that makes us light beings. There is something about that , that will allow us to bend time with our perception.If we are traveling faster than light it would appear as we are stationary and the world around us has been slowed in time. Not quite slowed to the point of stationary. But slowed in movement. So time is bending around us because we in our very nature break the time barrier, and experience a slowed time dimension as a reality .On all the metrics of civilization the EU scores higher than any other society/political region on Earth. The U.S. is simply the militarized alter-dimension of the former, assuming the primitive costs (highest number of incarcerated citizens; massive arms ownership; routine psychopathic massacres; highest levels of wealth inequality in the first world; far greater worker precarity; etc) for the sake of the inherited role of Western imperial center. 

The U.S. assumed the role of the primitive enforcer of Western capitalist imperialism post-WWII, it needs to change though, otherwise world war and annihilation of all civilization is all but assured.Our story is an Interdimensional Conspiracy. This Dimension is controlled by THE ARCHONS.  Cern creates Portals for energy transfer to these Astral Parasites..Black lives matter: Literally dedicated to the idea that no black people deserve to be killed just for being black. 

Racists post balantly false tall tales about how black people act around them: OOOh, they surely were overreacting., it's 2016, get over yourself. 

Internet: Don't post strange shit on the internet. Doon't call for anybody to die, please. 

Black on black violence: Well, shit..... It's allways used to condemn a whole lot of us, so could you not bring that up again?

White people are terrified of certain black people: Dudes, get over yourselves, they are just black. What do you want segregation back? 

Trump: gets slammed for inciting violence in his voter base. 

Trump: Gets slammed for suggesting the elections could be rigged, and not saying definitively he will accept the vote no matter what. 

Trump voters should stop harassing people. 


Trump Election happens. 


Racist stories posted on facebook / twitter: Must be true, after all, we have a racist president. 

Internet: Kill white male cis scum. They destroed this country. They deserve to die. 

Attacking white trump supporters: "they were instigating, I didn't do nothing/ I was just defending myself. "

Black people are terrified of white people: Guess what, suddenly we understand how bad it is to be terrified of people because of their skin color. Maybe we have to tell those people to cover up, or something, Would colored only waterfountains and such help?

Violence happens. By disgruntled Hillary fans. 

Hillary fans do not accept the result of the elctions. Suddenly, everyone sees the idea of electoral college votes as universally bad. 

Trump voters get harassed for having voted trump. 




Semi serious question: did anybody else notice how we went into a mirror dimension, where suddenly the roles have changed, and the supposed democrats are doing exactly what they slammed people for weeks ago?&gt; The idea of one god would sit outside of the entirety of the everything known and unknown, outside every dimension and absent of the limitations of time and space 

What makes you say that?I've pondered on this, and come to the conclusion that, assuming the fourth dimension is time, humans see in 4D. If we could only view things in the third dimension, movement would not exist, as movement requires time. Though again, this is assuming the fourth dimension is time.I've experienced, what I believe is dimensional vision.  Where at certain times I was able to peek into a higher or lower dimension.  I've had some friends that were heavy meth users that also have experienced similar things.  Shadow people.  May be in that moment of paralysis that is what is being experienced.  A temporary dimensional shift.have to meditate a looooot, physical &amp; creative activity, enough sleep, i ching, rune reading or tarot etc feel all's good, talk to yourself, universe or higher beings lots, need to 'feel' words, forget language, chant a lot with lots of emotion, feel your brain waves reaching out to others or move energy around (try healing small pains, it's not too hard)

4 years ago in Iran heard few steps come up to me then a loud sound of different digital tones and a shock to my heart. Meditated a shit load and did i ching. Had out of body experience, saw another dimension with thousands of beings &amp; heard couple very scary/threatening noises before waking up. Was shown eye of horus in mind's eye, found out I'm a targeted individual, lot of organized stalking (for at least 4 years, got eve lorgens's 'reptilian possession symptoms which she's since updated; tptb's tech squeezed my heart a lot and controlled my vocal chords like Bashar but it was on classic possession voice and a virtual reality dream of being stabbed at the end) Spoke with a being who appeared in my mind's eye, we spoke in a made up language, I could feel his words and see gifs.

Now I can heal muscle pains and move clouds and **every time** I meditate tptb with tech induce very painful feelings on my body and needle prick feelings when I'm trying to go to sleep or just waking up which is when magic happens. I'm basically electronically harassed when I take a shit &amp; stalked lots I'm just 22 I think win. 

I heard the inter-dimensional experience was good guys taking back some territory, IDK. I wish we could compile experiences by being type/environment type /time/location or a sketch library...is it tapping into other simulations, locations, times, frequencies? are experiences pre-set like on a cycle according to our DNA build? can everything be explained? gah they have it all down to a science and I'm just starting out.

(look into Anthony Peake, Rupert Sheldrake, Richard Alan Miller URL_REPLACED My 15+ years of aliens and life in the galaxy is slowly turning in to a theory that either:
 
1) the visitors are from another dimension... Or
2) all these weird objects we see/ships are from a very technologically advanced civilization that's been progressing much faster than the rest of us. A break away civilization.who's downvoting? this is some really good info. these guys aren't gods or our friends. after watching these vids again i remembered they're not advanced, they're as evolved as us. however that works in reality i dunno. spiritual realm, other dimension? they do a lot of intruding as expected. they came here before us and inhabit the solar system.

and i heard they suck each other's dicks tooI haven't thought about it that way. If that's true then it's possible it may not be in our dimension. I definitely believe there are multiple dimensions and maybe it did cause catastrophic events in the past when they couldnt provide physical evidence. Who knows? I can't even fathom what CERN knows and is hiding from us.I'm pretty sure the whole "hacked election" situation is textbook diversion and disinformation from the actual connections between Manafort/Flynn to Russia. 

Edit - Clarifying my position. Also, 
But then that implies that the MSM is either incompetent and falling for the diversion, or the game has a whole extra dimension to it with Trump and/or his people being just as "establishment" as the rest of the swamp he's supposedly draining.I honestly don't know anything about the kaballah. It seems similar to the chakra system. Again so many new things to learn about the 4th dimension and beyond. Do you believe in the kaballah?If that is the case, then you can make an argument for their ability to erase a memory of a large event.  The 'vibration' of the thought could be disrupted by an inverse wave being sent by HAARP and broadcast throughout the earth.  All of us would be victims.  These videos we have seen before, and we have all forgotten them.  I read the Tesla document and what I understand is that Tesla found a way to have a wave propagate along one of our 'normal' dimensions but vibrate along this hidden dimension.  That's what Tesla is asserting here, that Quantum Mechanics is basically Tautology and useless.  The things we do that cause 'quantum effects' are actually causing extra dimensional effect.  If we are living in a holographic universe then that extra dimension is what would control that holographic reality, the source behind the matrix, and we know how to cause quantum effects, that means we have inter dimensional weapons and technology.  Further, if the "new age" people are correct and we are interdimensional beings, then the CIA likely has a weapon that can hit us in the chakra.   Stay out of my Namaste space CIA!!!

All kidding aside, does the CIA understand what they just leaked?  This stuff is going to be extremely verifiable by every high tech lab out there, fuck, I think I know some electrical engineers who can test this shit out.I think they have the idea backwards. We are a projection from 4th dimension, and we have to evolve our consciousness beyond this projection reality and into the more complex, valid higher dimension.Hmm, the best way I can explain the 4th dimension, it's a state. 

We do perceive the 4th dimension as time, from a 3D point of view, but I never thought of it that way, that is an interesting point.

In 4D you are still you.. but, you are much more sensitive to everything to the point where it's not a very easy state to be in. I can't really explain in great detail what or exactly how it works, but you are you, it's the way you perceive/see/feel things changes. Imagine being in a very strong trance, but you don't feel uneasy or not in control. But you have put yourself in this certain trance, that would be how I would explain it. 

That was really interesting, thanks for showing it to me. It really seems like the Duffer Brothers did their research. However, I still feel like the alternate dimension (which was entirely a creation of the writers (as far as we know)) was more in the limelight than the Mk Ultra experiments. Yes, it was a very large part of the plot, but if the viewer didn't know of MK Ultra being a real thing in the first place, they wouldn't make that connection, so it wouldn't be the best way of informing the masses, IMHO. Great article. We need more like this. My research tells me Aliens are actually from Another Dimension. The ARCHONS who have enslaved this planet are originally from the Lower Astral Dimension.In our reality the 4th dimension is (by most) considered time. Length × width (2D) × depth (3D) × time (4D). Many but probably not all scientists would agree to this.

Our solar system as far as I've researched is going through very rare (25,000 - 50,000 year) but almost unbearable energetic waves. I say almost because some will not be able to bare it. You'll start seeing apparitions, certain friends will act crazier and crazier.

Assuming no earth based disasters like war, disease, asteroid hits etc, I believe the key to overcome these increasing waves of solar energy will be in self-purity. Because we are *light* at our core, we need to stop consuming impure food, lotions, deodorant, dark or negative thoughts, and emanate more light.

This is why Law of One refers to our planet being in 3rd density. It makes more sense if you think of vibration and light from our one reality as perhaps moving through air - a gas - a liquid in its own bubble etc. 

Now take the two paragraphs above together. Do you see how if solar energy is increasing many times every day, there will be an inflection point? We do not know exactly what that will look like, but people that move with the planet into a much higher vibration, or 4th density as it will be, must *by nature* have to also be of a higher vibration, in sync with the planet's graduation.In our current dimension (reality) we do perceive celestial bodies to have the spherical shape. As you progress past the limitations put on us in this reality you will indeed come to realize the plane we are in.&gt; The idea that it's all the work of talmudic jews of the 4th dimension or a literally satanic believes-in-fucking-magic cult are discomfortingly popular.

The Germans are just saying '**no**' to the batshit.

 (URL_REPLACED

"British New Age conspiracist David Icke − who argues that the world is being run by reptilian shape-shifting humanoids − has had a second event on his "World Wide Wake Up Tour" in Germany cancelled after being dogged by accusations of anti-Semitism. Experts say conspiracy theorists should not be laughed off as harmless.Thanks for your reply.
Yes, 432hz is special.
We can do some really easy maths.
When we take our "present" standard tuning 440 and add the single digits we get 4=4=8. Nothing in this universe is of an "even" balance. It just cancels itself out, no wave interference.
Now if we take the numbers 360 and add the single digits we get 
3+6=9 Now that's a much better number for the universe to play with :)
If you checked my youtube playlist you might have noticed that the two waves are related. The "destructive" (physical) wave travels a distance of 360 frames. The "harmonic" (spiritual) wave travels a distance of 720 frames 2 X 360. When 360 is doubled instead of emitting the same pattern over a longer period of time it forms a higher dimension over the shorter wave. I hope I'm not losing you so back to 432hz. You have probably done the maths already and noticed that it adds up to 9, good number! 432hz will ring into infinity but I don,t hold much hope for poor old 440hz.
All the 666 symbolism is playing the same game. It's the Earths area code, the physical, material realm, The left thinking brain, the box, the cage, the cell, the cube, carbon, male, fire. 
Flip it on its head and we get 999, or 27, or reverse=72, 720.  the right creative brain, the spiritual, liberation, female, heaven etc..
The key is to balance these two attributes of self and take your  seat at the bridge. It's simply a battle to find that equilibrium
within yourself. Many enlightened humans have tried saying this time and time again. It just gets lost in translation. Most don't see it until it hits them like a train, normally in the last few seconds of life and that's makes me so sad. that's why I am doing this, 666 is winning.
Play 432hz for the Universes sake. 666, 999 = balance.
Peace.

So you would honestly rather believe that you live in an alternate dimension instead of admitting that you remember something wrong? Mass delusion is not a new thing by any means. Of course you'll remember something wrong when people call things by the wrong names in the CURRENT.

Ofcourse people would call it Coke Zero when they call Coca Cola Coke in the first place. Understand?Being in the third dimension stuck in the river of time in my opinion is our souls last chance. We obviously messed up and rebelled from the oneness causing separation. Based on your humanly life the good deeds weighed against the bad will be the deciding factor if you will ascend into a higher plane after death or be eliminated entirely. https://www.reddit.com/r/C_S_T/comments/5pieni/premise_911_was_an_occult_ritual_meant_to_shift/

TL;DR - 9/11 was an occult ritual meant to move us into a different dimension/timeline, one that feeds off of chaos and negativity. During this shift, certain things that we knew happened changed (such as the oft (apparently mis)quoted Biblical verse...which exists as we know it in other translations, but not the "standard" King James Version...which is where I remember it from) and have resulted in what we call the Mandela effect. I agree, what else would it purpose be ?

I know this maybe a weird theory, but as it appears and disappears, it could be from another dimension, as I doubt it is capable of interstellar travel.I have not heard of that, but it is quite interesting. It sounds like an offshoot of MK Ultra and may actually happen. The sad facts are the deceased are held in a Fake Heaven. This is basically a small area located in the Astral Dimension that is very similar to earth with houses, bars etc. Each person stays there for a period of years. Eventually they are told they owe "Karmic Debt" (which really does not exist) and the only way is to come back to the "Earth School" (it is not a school it is a prison) The memories are then wiped as well as the Holographic Avatar and Personality. The person is then Forced To Reincarnate once again. Humans are lied to and continuously enslaved to provide energetic vibrations that are consumed by The Archons. The Archons are Demonic Alien Parasites. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v79lVNKthCwBe clear what you mean by 'another dimension'. Because physicists use the term to denote an additional axis of motion. Even when the dimension is compacted, as in string theory. 

If you want to talk about a multiverse - parallel universes or (alternate realities) - David Deutsch is your man (following up on older work by Hugh Everett). 

And don't forget David Bohm and pilot wave theory. 

Nobody knows yet. Nor have there been experiments proposed and run to actually test for a verifiable answer. It's still throw up your hands and guess. 

But getting back to RV and PSI experiments, there have been so many experimental runs with a positive result the outcome just can't be just hand waved away. The problem is, there's absolutely no physics to explain a mechanism for why. Yet.I am very interested in the fourth dimension Ascension.

Thanks for the reply. I still have the master Mason's phone number and he said to call anytime if I have any questions.

This is originally why I was interested in the free masons because they seemed to be the best types of people to discuss these ideas with.

It's hard for my age because I'm still kind of young (24 years old) but a lot of people my age laugh at these ideas and I've always felt alone with it m, except now I have my wonderful girlfriend that is willing to discuss spiritual ideas but that's about it and Reddit it's kind of saddening.

I appreciate you replying. I'm going to save your username in case I have any other free mason questions. Thanks manyeah, to be able to travel such vast distances they must be able to use a "sub space" or another dimension. or they live in this solar system but cannot be observed because they are in higher dimensions and just visit us frequently. I like the way you think. Imaginative and not rigid.

The deal with the earth and our time in our physical bodies on it is that this is the only place that human beings have the opportunity to progress or evolve, both spiritually and physically as they are intimately intertwined. 

So it is an important step in the cycle of life-death and rebirth as here, on earth, is where we have the free will and the opportunity to improve ourselves and move forward or to fail to learn our lessons and stagnate or regress. 

So in my estimation the *hacking of reality* has already occurred in the form of negative spiritual beings *influencing* man's free will so as to prevent his positive forward movement...influence that has gone so far that mankind does not understand what "evil" means anymore. Hence the reason for my link to the Advent of Ahriman essay.

If more and more people are aware of this the dark powers will start to lose their grip. And a lot of people are already aware but they have to have the strength and bravery to keep pushing this awareness forward...and that means we need to start taking the spiritual world seriously and adjust our physical earth lives accordingly.

And to digress back to the argument that this "spirituality" thing is just hippie nonsense look at it this way. The spiritual afterlife and the unseen angels and demons all around us are just operating on another plane of existence, another dimension. A dimension that is inaccessible to us unless we tune our consciousness in properly.

All of this is possible through the study of anthroposophy or spiritual science. This can be found here...http://www.rsarchive.org/Books/ 

If you read one or all of the 5 main books and then follow the esoteric initiation instructions you will be pointed in the right direction.
 They could be technically called aliens. They were alien to earth and came from heaven/another dimension.If you notice the Global Elite love to do Satanic Rituals on Portals and Ley Lines. This is so the negative energy can go directly to the Reptilian Archons. On occasion an Archon will actually temporarily pass through the Portal and into this dimension.Archons are negative beings from the Astral Dimension. There is enormous evidence of the rituals and procedures the Global Elite do for them.Hi. Excellent Post. The ultimate reason that this is done is "The Archons". The Archons are extremely negative beings from the Lower Astral Dimension. The Satanic Global Elite worship them. All Pedophilia, Wars and Human Suffering are to benefit them. The horrific rituals are done as energetic offerings. They also open Interdimensional Portals to allow these beings to walk into our realm for a short time. Stewart Swerdlow and Preston Nichols were both at Montauk and directly involved in the bizarre research done there. They have both talked about how this and many other projects are closely connected the Reptilians/Demons/Archons which are all the same thing. This stuff is actually real.&gt;As for Alex, those few seconds were all it took to understand we weren't living in the same dimension.

Right.  So you'll just continue with the demonization and shame, for some guy whose opinions you don't really know, and aren't articulating to demonstrate otherwise.  

I think my work is done here.Did you just tell someone on /conspiracy that they are too paranoid? I'm not saying you're wrong but could i start doing that on any of the Hillary or DNC post here? it's getting ridiculous that anytime trump is brought up in a negative tone, of sudden the trump cult shows up to belittle anyone that questions anything, and insist they are, as you put it, "too paranoid" since when was this page suppose to be an extension of t_d?  I was under the impression this page was suppose to be a relatively non-partisan page? if you like Donald good for you, congrats on the win, but how about sticking to the DNC related conspiracies, I won't come in and tell you you're being "too paranoid", but for those of us that don't like trump, let us have our discussions about trump, he is about to be president and does do things in a very different way that most of us haven't seen, we don't need you telling us how OUR conspiracies are simply excessive paranoia.........it seriously feels like every page that use to be worth a shit on Reddit is being brigaded by this cult......... 

Besides, isn't this entire subreddit intended to debate whether or not lizard people from the 7th dimension are secretly controlling us like a game of sims from the moon? not too defend politicians...... &gt; This planet-shaping thing is also part of other various alien contactee cases where part of us(and any other race) evolving later on will be to transcend physical plane and we'll end up like multidimensional beings that shape worlds with their slightest touch.

Dayum I heard of this planet shaping thing 1 other time, I'm really happy to hear more about it. When I had a vivid dream of another dimension 2 years ago at first I saw mountains rising up fast in a vast plane and then there were monitors on top of the mountains showing people's happy faces, I rose up in the sky and there were thousands of clear beings spiraling around 2 bright red spheres in the distance, the only other red things were their hearts and veins going through their body with lots in the brain. The air felt electric and fluid-like, one came closer and through the barrier turned into a beautiful human like being and stared and smiled at me for a few seconds, I woke up with the most euphoric feeling. Soon after that experience they attacked me with really scary voices and I'm pretty sure electronic weapons that made me very angry/depressed and gave me UTI (urinary tract infection) which lot of abductees report (saw lot of flashes of white light in the air which they've done another time when my programming was really heavy, they told me I was cloned with V2K and abducted 17 times with voice of god weapon...I'm not sure what to believe anymore lol)   Not happening in this dimension. With his close pals "Pull It" Larry Silverstein and "No Nickname Needed" Rudy Giuliani on board..Did you just ask for proof of baby-eating humanoid lizards from another dimension?

Stop and think about that for a couple minutes. Please.i think it's like the movie The Arrival-that there is a crisis in nearby dimension that calls for a lot of our energy and the "Heptapods" are leaning on their slaves head.By vibration I mean your living being vibration.

All matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration. That's what reality is, and that's what everything is made of.

If you look under a powerful microscope, at any physical object, you will observe the atoms "vibrating" at a certain wave length.

Nothing is truly "solid" or "stationary" everything has a vibration. Let me try to provide an example.

We live in a third dimensional reality and our minds are tuned (think of us as radios) to the third dimension.

Everything in this world is in the third density or third dimension because that's the WAVE LENGTH that the atoms/molecules are VIBRATING at.

So when I say our vibration is raising, I mean that we are entering the 4th dimension and rising up out of the third.

It sounds like a lot of hoopla and science but that's the science way to describe it.

If they do exist, I'm pretty sure they can choose to materialize. As for the dimension aspect, according to the Law of One, its more about evolution tiers as opposed to dimensions. Reptilians would be the 4th tier, whilst humans are at the 3rd (plants and animals are 2nd density). There are other beings that go to 5,6,7, etc. These ones are millions of years older. They evolved physically and spiritually to more advanced levels over millions of reincarnations. It doesn't just fit in with David Icke's stuff but goes beyond that.  

Of course, there's not much concrete evidence for this, but the whole concept is pretty damn interesting and a fun read. I really recommend that book if you have free time. Cause it's in another dimension all around us that we can't see.I like to find current science knowledge to explain spiritual phenomena.  Thinking of our bodies like biological robots.  Quantum antennas for a brain.  To me this explains so many things through out history.  People like Edgar Cayce and Nostradamus.  If our higher self(spirit) exists in a higher timeless dimension.  Existing outside of time.  Past present and future all accessible to our higher self.  We can all predict the future.  To a certain extent.   Also I believe the URL_REPLACED shows quantum connection on a subatomic level.  The "Real World" of The Archons is the Lower Fourth Dimension. A.K.A. The "Lower Astral". It is like a place of extreme nightmares. They seek to make our realm more like the original one they came from. That is why the Global Elite have made this world so horrible..damn dude, how do I get to this 48 hour day dimension you are in?You also did not factor in the close relationship Kris Kringle has with Father Time. 31 hours to work with? Try again. He has an infinite amount of "time" to work with. 

Obviously he does not work within the 3rd dimension while making his annual deliveries.That's not evidence.....

You've literally just said "there's 4 dimenaion, time and 3 spatial (x,y,z) so there might be more depending how you look at it"

That's not evidence of another dimensionIn the 4th or 5th dimension, beyond our perceivable world. Its a better explanation for their ability to travel and communicate, which would be absolutely beyond possibly in a physical world. The astronomical distances they would have to travel, the limitations of our atmosphere and environment they would have to overcome... It's just much too complicated for a physical creature from a physical place. For an interdimensional being not confined by space and time though? Totally possible.This is all political posturing. There will be an escalation in the current attacks in Syria, and it might come down to a local bombing of an NSA or CIA building in the US, but that extreme measure is unlikely.

A nuclear war will *absolutely not happen*. Just like in the cold war (80's), there will be UFOs going around army bases that house nuclear ICBM silos and disarming them with a few quick pulses of light.

If you research this, you'll find it happened many times, from bases in the UK, to the US and in Russia, and believe it or not even one already launched and disarmed midflight by a UFO that shot laser beams as it rotated around its circumference.

There's a clear URL_REPLACED equivalent, but with one big exception, certain ETs will not let a nuclear conflict reach a point of detonation. I believe it might cause damage in our dimension as well as parallel dimensions, but it leaves our biosphere irreperable for decades.How weird?

And I don't get how there would be a limited or finite number of dimensions. Whatever the source of existence is, the magnitude of possibilities must be endless. Earth Is very dense and rich in complexity. With emotion and sexual aspects in the blueprint. Other dimensions could go into the more simple configurations of matter, others possibly into the abstract and unrecognizable versions from our perspective here. 

Science has to catch up to metaphysics on this issue, imo. I think they did have a step ahead in one of the Philadelphia experiments where they bent the veil in an odd way. As usual there is more to it than what is released but they didn't understand really they were blinking in and out and in again between parallel dimensions. But in the reconfiguration is where they were put back together with that affect.

The idea is that all dimensions occupy the same space, only the caveat is the veil. Where you are sitting now, in your space there are also countless dimensions occupying it, only your perception creates a veil that encloses you in this dimension though simultaneously a perspective also shares your location and perceives an entirely different dimension. So another thing string is missing is the perceivers consciousness and how that is accessing other dimensions constantly through inner mechanisms of the imagination. 

They know a particle is doing this blinking in and out, they don't know where it goes when it goes out. Imo, the answer is it goes everywhere simultaneously to being here. 

I am not a flat earther, and agree 100%. I do believe there might be a difference between inter-dimensional beings and aliens from our dimension visiting us...Yeah you should research DMT more. 

&gt;Good. You shouldn’t. I’d say stay far, far away from it. It’s a limitation and a crutch - just like any external substance that is used to elicit any type of state. The concentrated, disciplined, sober mind can achieve anything with enough practice and effort. Any other means simply puts one more crutch, one more limitation, and one more impediment on one’s ability to arrive at the Truth.

DMT is how you get to other dimensions, look up Terence mckenna and others. DMT isn't something that makes you happy or anything it's what Shamans use to talk to spirits.

&gt;Existence is like a radio. We happen to live on the radio station called “Earth in the third dimension”, but even within this very space, there are many other different “channels” so to speak, and if we have the ability to “flip” as it were from channel to channel, we would be able to witness many different beings existing in the very same space that we are in right now at this very moment…just existing on a different frequency, a different dimension, a different wavelength.

Exactly that's what DMT does. Research drugs more.Mandela effect! : )

He and the Pagliano guy got summoned and may be now in contempt for not appearing, but since they granted immunity to Cheryl Mills, adding another dimension to the whole fiasco, this is likely to get dragged on as much as possible, or until november comes and goes...The following is from a letter printed in the UK publication, Fortean Times #165 1/03 it is by one of the actors who was a "Lone Gunman": "Having just finished your article on 9/11 conspiracy theories (FT 162:30-33), I thought I'd share with you my own peculiar relationship between the conspiracies and the events. I was on of the lead actors on a short-lived television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States. It was called the 'Lone Gunmen' and intended as a spin-off from the popular Fox series 'The X-Files'. The so-called Lone Gunmen are three conspiracy geeks who publish an underground newspaper named 'The Lone Gunman' (hence our show title).

Although our series aired in the spring of 2001, we had shot the pilot episode in March 2000. The plot was fairly simple: The Lone Gunmen uncover and defeat a government conspiracy to fly a commercial jet plane into one of the towers of the World Trade Center via ground-based computer control of the jet's auto-pilot. The intention was to blame a foreign, 'terrorist' nation for the bombing, and thus encourage the US to enter into a war against it-all to guarantee weapons sales for the US military-industrial complex. In the TV episode, of course, our characters save the day in the nick of time, regaining control of the plane just as it soars over the towers.

We shot 12 more episodes over the winter of 2000-2001, and they all aired on Fox that spring, but in the end our series was not renewed for a second season. I continued to work on 'The X-Files', and I was in Los Angeles on 11 September, having just finished working on an episode of that show. I was supposed to fly home to Canada that very day. I was woken about 8:30 by a phone call from the limo company contracted to drive me to Los Angeles Airport (LAX). "This is your limo driver," the voice told me. "You won't be flying home today."

"Why not," I asked groggy from sleep.

"All the airports in the US have been shut down."

It took a moment or two to process this statement. I could believe that LAX had been closed for some reason. But all the airports? In the whole country? "What? Why?"

"Someone has flown a plane into the World Trade Center."

They say that most people thought it was a joke when they first heard of the attack. You can understand why that was my first thought. Luckily I was too sleepy to laugh out loud. (Actually, I thought it was a pretty poor joke.) I can only add that once I learned the truth, I experienced an eerie terror, as if I had seen the future, and not understood until it was too late.

Assuming the idea for flying a plane into the Twin Towers by the remote control of a secret government agency was original to our writers, it had been floating around fr a year and a half at least before the actual attack. Not a lot of viewers saw our show (several million maybe saw the pilot), but I have no doubt that the idea-or cultural 'meme'-was immediately available once the shock of the attack wore off.

Of course, it also means the the idea of terrorists flying a jet into a New York landmark was not so unthinkable as it seemed in the days afterwards. As far as news items being 'scrubbed', I think it's safe to say that our pilot, if not our entire series, will never be seen on network television anywhere. Ever. A strange, awful confluence of pulp culture and realty...."-Bruce Harwood (aka 'Byers' of 'the Lone Gunmen', Fox Broadcasting, Los Angeles)

It was word for word (including the word "bombing"). I respect FT (gentlemen start your online shopping in 3,2,1...), but that particular issue had an article about the Vatican trying to suppress a time-travelling exorcist (with the pope burning a photo of Jesus-I mean why JC? Why not Sinead O' Connor?). So....take that as you will.

I remember when "Lone Gunmen" as a spin-off was being promoted (I still have the videotapes with the commercials). It was a flash, then it was gone. They later killed off the Lone Gunmen characters themselves in an episode aptly entitled "Jump the Shark" (as if to say the show was impotent during the Robert Patrick times). URL_REPLACED.

Was it a warning? Was it a Riddler-style taunting hint/Cabal weaved into an area only the "nutty loser" dare tread? Was it coincidence (you got everything from rap album covers, to ill-fated WTC-dwelling artists depicting themselves as St. Sebastian getting hit with planes, I myself had a dream about it in 1997.-something that powerfully traumatic can't resist causing some 4th-dimension defying ripple to lodge itself cryptically in the collective unconscious where some may get access to little snippets.)?.....My thing is, if it were only "coincidence" why wouldn't the press say "Hey. here's one for the strange books..."? It's sensationalist enough. Better still, if it were an "inspiration" for the terrorists, another thing for the press to feed on.
Also, studies show that entheogens activate more of your brain.  They don't alter your perception like alcohol does.  They increase it.  They lift the veil of social conditioning.  But dmt is nothing like lsd or any other entheogen.  It is 5-10 minutes where you appear unconscious.  Your consciousness is in another dimension.  You've jumped strings.  Be brave and see for yourself.  i am so sorry my dad died last november it was just the accident itself made her realize ok that she needed to rethink her process because of all people who didnt beleive it there it was for her to experience....

i feel things empathetically....so i have been kicking around a theory that we shift dimensional planes ok like here we are trapped in the 3rd dimension and can only move in only direction on the time line... but that in other shifting dimensions other factors [whether they limit or not ] exist see so the quantum explains that cuz a particule can be in two or more places at the same time..... but the internal process of the quantum within us was the part that seemed harded to bridge but the explanation for Quantum hedonism ties the micro of ourselves right back to the macro of the continuum at large

really you dont know about how you feel about reincarnation it was the first thing i DID beleive as soon as it was explained to me plus i am somewhat sensative to deja vu and past life recall ....

wow you were young to have to say good bye to mom i feel for you that!  i think she is close to you everyday still .... thats what i mean about the shifting dimensions around us....Hi. Putin is what has kept the Satanic Global Elite from completing their evil New World Order. The Global Elite own all of the mass media. They are responsible for all wars, false flags and the incremental taking of your freedom. Their goal is the complete enslavement of humanity. They are Satanists. It is a fact. The horrific rituals they do worldwide are all based on; the fact they worship a controlling force above them that is based in the Astral Dimension. Before you roll your eyes or call it crazy, please do the research. It is true. The Global Elite worship the Archons. The Archons are also known as the Lords Of Karma. They have enslaved humanity..When I tripped on LSD, a picture of the sphinx happen to come across my AppleTV's screensaver. I remember tripping really hard "into" the image. My thoughts found endless dimension and historical, universal truth within the image. I weird pleasure came from reading your comment, a weird connectivity. Weird as in odd (New English definition) and fated (Old English Definition).Just because we're both capable of having opinions doesn't mean your post was either mind-blowing or relevant to this post. You can think so, and that's fine. It gives me something to do while I'm online:

I myself don't find low quality video interviews from a car door about the sun being a transformer to another dimension (lol) relevant to a post about why we can't see lunar landers from the earth. But, hey, that may just be me. Downvote if you disagree because apparently that's what you think downvoting is for. i didn't forgot about the astrophysicist co-author, i just think that by studying stars and planets you are not in any way qualified to talk about the human brain and this sounds like some lame, badly done, appeal to authority. Even a buddhist monk (even one that wasn't a biologist) would be more qualified

and yeah, i have poor memories some times, but that's the thing, everyone does, but normal people just admit that instead of believing in 'alternate-dimension shifts'they might not be lights. it could be iradiating energy, some type of plasma coating or if they are not from this dimension something we could not comprehend.Thanks for the explanation. I do understand the logic. I just think that enough blue-eyed people combined with logic would be effectively the same as the troll's public statement. I agree that every dawn n, you know that there aren't exactly n blue-eyed people. But, if there's enough people, then everyone knows that everyone knows that there has to be more than 1, so why even wait for the first dawn? Maybe it's because the "everyone knows" stretches into infinity, and the human brain can't handle it. I know it's hard to visualize a 5th dimensional vector. You can do 4 if you think of time as the 4th dimension, but even then it's hard.

There are probably holes in the following logic, but I spent a really long time on it, so I'll put it up anyway so it doesn't go to waste.

Compare what the people know from logic and what they can see, to the effect of the troll's statement in more restricted situations.

If I see at least 1, then I know there's at least 1, but I don't know what anyone else knows. It's as if I heard the troll, but I don't know if anyone else did. For example, maybe the troll is at the center of a URL_REPLACED, and I'm in one of the cells. There are other people there, but I can't see them.

If I see at least 2, then I know everyone sees at least 1. It's as if the panopticon is made of glass, and I can see through it, but it could be one-way glass for all I know, so I don't know if anyone else can see through it.

If I see at least 3, then I know everyone sees at least 2, and I know everyone knows that everyone sees at least 1. It's as if I know the panopticon is made of regular glass, so I know everyone can see through it, but I don't know if the other people know that.

If I see at least 4, then I know that everyone sees at least 3, and I know everyone knows that everyone knows that everyone sees at least 1. It's as if I know that everyone knows the panopticon is made of regular glass, so everyone knows everyone can see through it, but I don't know if the other people know that everyone knows.

If I see at least 5, then I know that everyone sees at least 4, and I know everyone knows that everyone knows that everyone knows that everyone sees at least 1. It's as if I know that everyone knows that everyone knows the panopticon is made of regular glass. At this point, the walls might as well not be there.

EDIT: Maybe at this point, you have to prove that we're not in the Matrix, and I'm not a brain in a jar. Disembodied brains can't have eyes, let alone blue eyes.Yes...and watch the homeless suddenly reappear from the Heaven dimension that Obama sent them to.it probably wasn't AI weaponry, you probably channeled a being from another dimensionExactly why the chances of two superintelligent brings worlds apart stumble into each other. I believe in the dimension crossing aliens not the flew physically across the galaxy in a saucer type aliens Archons are actually demonic entities originally from the Lower Fourth Dimension. Also known as the Lower Astral. They are cut off from the "Source Energy" and choose to resonate with extreme negative energy, but have the ability to exist in the middle astral which is the Fake Heaven a.k.a. Afterlife Realm. Because they are sick twisted psychopaths, they have a never ending desire to enslave and torture. Humans have been enslaved and are used to create energies that The Archons consume.The person who wrote this clearly knows nothing about Mexico (and perhaps too much about the novel ‘Aztec’). The families which constitute the Mexican oligarchy look physically nothing like “Aztecs” (i.e. Nahuatls); they would be racially offended to be likened to them (for they are inveterately racist–perhaps even more than they are classist); though of course they look to conceal it, holding inherited dual Spanish-Mexican citizenship is among them far more the norm than the exception. It is true that these families are overwhelmingly centered in Mexico City, the ancient Aztec capital, however, the Aztecs of old did not expel exogenous indigenous tribes, they enslaved them, and to this day the Mexican oligarchy pauperizes their descendants. The U.S. supports this oligarchy wholeheartedly, it is the ‘comprador’ class lifted to global-level oligarchic status in self-serving complicity with Washington-fueled neoliberal designs. Trump intends to make Mexico even more of a slave to this same exploitative mold, to make of its leadership no longer a ‘partner in crime’ to neoliberal exploitation, but themselves sadistically humiliated subjects of a new, revived Anglo-Saxon hegemonic bloc that will piratically go across the world sowing and exploiting atavistic racial tensions and animosities to the furthest extent possible, at least enough to revolutionize politics in the U.S. for decades to come, and to racially capture a permanent bloc of the white U.S. working class so that its economic ressentiments are enduringly deflected, redirected, and projected against any and all save for the super-majority white American oligarchy itself. The model is the U.S. itself circa pre-WWII: to refashion a society of general white high employment in exchange for false consciousness-generated near total political dependability and fealty to the new Republican party; a white nationalist party, the membership of which, insulated from historical and humanistic truth, is to lie captured and enveloped in a permanent cocoon of high capitalist-contrived and controlled propagandistic fog from which there is meant to be no escape for them and their even more benighted descendants.

The Trump administration has already started poking/threatening Iran. I suspected the inclusion of Iran in the new exclusionary immigration orders was in preparation for further acts of symbolic and potentially eventually "kinetic" aggression against it. So I will reiterate what I said previously: "I am concerned that Trump in his immigrant entry prohibitions is evincing sadism tout court and/or an act in preparation for war (you do not do what Trump is presently doing without giving the least prior notice unless you are making a declaration of open and direct hostilities and/or are engaging in the most denuded of demagogies). Trump has since the primaries evinced extremely strong sadistic tendencies; this is likely a personal preference and appetite on his part, but it also functions as a demagogic whetting or instruction in psycho-political sadism (inherent in oligarchic fascism), i.e. in the promotion, legitimization, intensification, and popularization of tendencies equivalent to sadism and Sadean personality traits in preparation for an initiation of open hostilities (though, at least initially, short of outright war) against significant nations and economic blocs of the world (Mexico, Middle East, China, EU) and against important, yet ostensibly foreign-like, demographic sectors within the U.S.: African Americans, Latinos, Muslims, Native Americans, even the “unreliable” majority of women concerned with equitable reproductive health access, etc.
Nationally, the logic of such a “political sadism” would be in perfect complementarity with the international version: generalize the most divisive ethos short of actual militarized (dictatorially oppressive) action through full spectrum utilization of media in the service of an oligarchy that feels itself receding from relative and absolute power in a world ever more immersed in freely globalized trade (to reiterate, to the relative detriment of American hegemonic political and economic power). Trump, standard bearer for an oligarchy opportunistically directly stepping “forward to the plate,” promises millions of industrial sector jobs in a newly, if principally industrially, autarkic U.S. Maybe he will deliver in the mid to long term on this promise, in the immediate to short term his “achievements” will be essentially denagatory , denialist, negative, censorious: civic/humanitarian prohibitions, restrictions, dis-protections in the name of greater national security and policial exigencies; per oligarchic rationalizing protocol, best that the populace become ever more inured and desensitized to such civic and societal (oligarchically optative) harshness by being imbued in the “modelic” sadism of a personally autarkic-hyper-capitalist cult leader figure (the effective opposite of Clinton’s “Stronger Together”): a sort of antipodal dimension Chairmen Mao of capitalist autarky (whose vision is to export, impose, and disseminate the same discoherent ideology throughout the world and have the U.S. be the isolationist leader of an isolationized world)."

At this point I believe the probability of significant military action against Iran in the next four years are better than 50 percent. If the Iranian regime is significantly destabilized/outright destroyed this will constitute in itself, regardless of whether regional chaos ensues as consequence or not, an imperialist act in the fullest sense of the term, i.e. an act of imperialist "exemplary" aggression against the entire world, in other words, a show of putting the entire world "on notice" (to quote Michael Flynn), that America's reach (i.e. intent) is now fully militarily totalitarian vis a vis the freedom of the world. An example of such a totalitarian aggression, is the entirely predictable/almost plannable destabilizing effect it would have on the European Union. Undoubtedly Cuba will also be on the regime's sights (for a "regime" it will be if it engages in such unqualifiedly aggressive hostilities). The divisive opposition of the phrases "immigrants" and "working class whites" is entirely in accord with the present stage of the Trump administration: the "tyranny of appearances"/"despotism of forms." Trump is himself evidently tyrannized by this superficiality concerns, condition which is in turn mirrored or mimetized in the sadistic superficiality (equatable to an intoxicative oblivion) he seeks to inculcate or awaken in his most fervent followers and expanding from there throughout the wider society. This tyranny of appearances/despotism of forms seems to account for the exceedingly notable lack of minorities and women in the upper echelons of his administration: Trump either lacks the substance (the self-confidence) to scramble his most nativist followers' expectations by forming a more diverse cabinet and team (reflective of both the forms and substance of American society as a whole) or his own personal superficial prejudices are directly informing his decision in this respect (let us recall his pettiness and callousness of his attacks against the physical appearances of Cruz's wife and Carly Fiorina, among others, during the primary). This surface tyranny already plainly evident in the demographic restrictiveness of the highest and most visible parts of his administration seems quite correlative and reflective of his political decisions so far, the two are inextricable and reciprocal. This surface tyranny may eventually be seen as a foretaste of future unprecedented despotisms of substance, or it may simply be revealed to be an unintentional unmasking and revelation of the "surface level" reality previously covering the already existing despotisms of substance inherent and inextricable from the hidden imperial governing apparatus itself.  Of course the reptilian brain explanation makes more sense to you because it comes from our basic and given understanding of science. It wasn't a new idea presented. Again, he wasn't being metaphorical. He believes there are higher dimensional beings acting through human/hybrid entities here in the 3rd dimension who often appear as reptilian. They're not just regular people with a more primitive/selfish mindset.All Aliens are Interdimensional Beings. Reptilians, Greys, Mothman, Spring Heeled Jack etc. etc. are all from another dimension. The current controllers of the Computer Simulated Universe you are now inside of are called "THE ARCHONS".Your understanding of my beliefs in your first paragraph is mostly correct, although I don't believe we can go to the dimension called "Heaven" by our own merit.

Even if we "weren't alone," we would most likely be able to act as if we were alone, because intelligent ET life would be so exceedingly rare that they probably would also have thought that they were alone and would never find us either.It is all real. There are massive amounts of Interdimensional Aliens going in and out of this dimension. This Simulation is currently run by demons called "The Archons". This is all real.What would make sense is if the low frequency is what interacts with this other dimension, and high frequency does not. ?? Who knows.  This smells a little bit like science fiction anyways.Continued here.

/u/damukobrakai

&gt;opening a gateway in their minds

By which I take it you mean consciousness. 

So you think people took drugs, then saw and heard things that others couldn't see. And instead of the logical "Dude's tripping yo", you're thinking "Holy shit, 4th dimension and demons". 

no. 

&gt; It certainly makes logical sense that religions can be based on encounters with spirits in different parts of the world. 

If we were all polytheist like the Egyptians, Greeks, Romans, Natives, etc. Then maybe. Since there would be multiple spirits, and thus multiple gods. Your own logic here. 

How do you get 1 god out of this?

&gt;Fasting and prayer and accepting Jesus as your lord and savior are what bring you closer to God

Once again this is illogical. You said the only way to contact spirits would be to open a 4th dimensional portal in your mind while tripping. This is the only way since we cannot detect ***any*** sign of supernatural activity. 

How the fuck does starving yourself, and talking/thinking to yourself fit in here?

&gt;so I can see how those who didn't hear about the Bible or Jesus would end up worshipping a demon not knowing it was evil rather than good.

And why are demons bad? Because drugs and sex is bad?

&gt;It seems that God wants us to save eachother by spreading the word. 

Who are you to say what god would want?

Also, back stepping here. We have the Christian god, the one who believes that worshiping no other idols above him is worth putting on the 10 commandments, but rape isn't worth it. He wants you to never take his name in vein, to spread his word and always cherish him. Has forced many a bloody war on man kind in his name. 

Mate, that sounds like a pride demon. 

&gt;A truly logical person wouldn't conclude that there is no God just because he hasn't seen proof personally.

Yet you'll say without a doubt that Odin, Thor, Loki, or their other counterparts, are not real? Why, you've never had experience personally?

&gt; A logical person would admit his ignorance and draw no conclusion if there was no evidence of God that he can see.

The Christian god's infallible book has references to an impossible flood, a under 5000 year old earth, and many other provably wrong things. Could there be a god? Sure. But it ain't your god. 

&gt;Based on my experiences, I have come to the educated guess that Jesus is real.

Change Jesus to Odin, Thor, blah blah blah, and suddenly you have someone just as devout as you, but you're both wrong in each others eyes, because neither of you can prove anything. 

&gt;But If God is real then I can't just twiddle my thumbs.

Why not? If god is real, and is the Christian god, he is all powerful, all knowing, and all loving. If god knows the future, then you cannot change it. 

&gt;It's a sign of intelligence to be able to entertain an idea without adopting it as your own.

Yeah, I've entertained it. doesn't mean it made any sense. 

&gt;I considered atheism and it doesn't explain all the evil in the world.

Oh perfect! The all loving, all powerful, all knwoing god explains it all!

There's evil because he doesn't know-, oh wait, lets try again.

There's evil because he can'- oh shit. One sec. 

There's evil because God doesn't care- hmmm...

There's evil because it's his will for there to be evil because reasons. 

Perfect.

&gt;Demons can possess us without us knowing.

No. They can't. Even if they were real, a sudden personality change would tip people off. Blacking out would tip people off. 

Also, once again, the human mind is controlled by chemicals and electrons. Changing these changes minds. A demon would need to interact with you physically, or electrically, to do anything. Both are means we can use to detect them. 

&gt; What explanation does science have for animal cruelty

On Farms, many people will have stray cats. To deal with this problem, people will put them in a bag, and throw them in rivers. The nicer people hang it behind an exhaust pipe to kill them that way. This is population control. 

On other parts of the world, Dogs and cats are food. This is their culture. 

Animal Cruelty is a newer thing because out culture has humanized animals. What's the differance between cows and dogs? Cows will show you love and affection, yet are slaughtered for food. 

&gt;and endless wars

A lot of wars are driven by Religion. 

&gt;Rothschild level wealth and greed?

Capitalism. 

&gt;I don't believe humans are born that way.

once again, Nature Vs Nurture. 

&gt;You have to allow for the possibility that you are wrong and the consequences of rejecting your creator.

The all powerful god is unable to make a sinless world? Oh, wait, no I know this one. A talking snake gave humanity knowledge, and thus is evil. 

Weird isn't it, Satan given humans knowledge and URL_REPLACED. But is the bad guy? 

&gt;If there is only the tangible scientifically measurable world that's real in your eyes than why does rape fuck people up for life?

Because of PTSD? Why does god allow rape? 

&gt;Regular sex won't but forced sex-even if no physical beating is involved- will drive people to suicidal feelings.

Because it's against their wishes? 

&gt;Yes maybe they just had a chemical reaction or perhaps it was purely emotional.

Those 'chemical reactions' are emotions. 

&gt;But now your entering non scientific territory.

No scientist has ever said emotions don't exist...?

&gt;There's no rape pill to restore someone's peace of mind.

There's also no pill to regrow an arm? 

&gt;There's a one size fits all depression pill.

To an extent. Antidepressants help balance neural transmitters in the brain. Memories are more than just the transmitters, but rather physical connections between neurons. 

&gt;No tests to measure depression and what caused it. Only theories. "Did someone die recently? Did you lose your job? Get divorced? Molested as a child? Yeah? Oh that's probably the cause.

Those questions are the tests? Finding out what happened to them will help them move forwards. And not do what happened to them on others. 

&gt; depression is a symptom rather than the root of a problem.

Depression is a problem that causes more problems. 

&gt;Anxiety and depression can have a physical or psychological cause and the number of causes can be endless.

...yes? And?

&gt;They can take your money even if the cause is biological and only treatable through change of diet. 

What kind of rantings are you on about here? You don't have to go if you don't want to. Repeated visits are for your own benefit. 

&gt;But maybe the real harm from rape is spiritual.

no.

&gt; Maybe there was an exchange of energy.

This would be measured by science shit mate. 

&gt;Maybe love fills us with life energy but violence drains us.

Look at both world wars. If violence drained people, and love filled them, The military wouldn't have had female soldiers banned. 

&gt;Maybe a demon is conjured or attaches to the victim.

or maybe they feel unsafe, not wanting a bad thing to happen again. 

&gt;That would explain decades of misery that follows child molestation. 

Or the fact that they feel like they cannot trust people.

Or they dislike getting close to people. 

Or that they feel uncomfortable around others. 

You know, something that makes sense. 

&gt;You don't know which is true or false.

Making up demons instead of following centuries of science falls under Occam's Razor. There's no proof what so ever for your ideas, and a lot for mine. 

&gt;Scientifically speaking, it would make more evolutionary sense for people to shrug off rape so they can get on with their lives.

Scientifically speaking, it would have made more sense for the body to redesign the eye when the first water creatures became land creatures. Instead, we just keep it wet all the time. 

Scientifically speaking, the female vagina should have teeth to protect it from unwanted penetrations. 

Evolution doesn't work with foresight. It works by random chance. 

&gt; Especially if it's not permantly damaging physically.

memories are physical within the brain. Muscle memory is a thing, as the more you do something, the more you remember it, the easier it is to re-do. 

&gt; But I believe there is a change in energy. An indelible mark on the soul.

Sucks you're wrong though. Have no proof, and a massive inability to have any kind of proof. well if it is something we might consider a "spirit" it could be coming from another dimension and we are only seeing a cross section of what it could be URL_REPLACED. i forget if paranormal activity increases during solar min or max but if either was the case it would make sense that it has something to do with magnetic fields. Excellent query. From a parallel reality? I say no. From a dimension beyond our own? Maybe. I would say it is more likely that an advanced civilization would use wormholes which is basically like passing through another dimension, we really don't know the ramifications of wormholes or their capability, but we know they exist. Going super-luminal speed or even light-speed through our universe is a recipe for disaster. Think of all the space dust in between. One rock just the right size and there goes your ship, poof.Hi. It is certainly worth any risk. You want to learn as much as you can about the Astral Dimension. When you die you will be sent there..&gt;Is he actually remembered for anything else? 

 * Ejaculating Tomahawks at an aspirin factory

* Bombing Sarajevo

* Eviscerating the military, taking advantage of the peace dividend

* The above, combined with presiding over the 1994 commercialization of the Internet, leading to one of the best economies

* Balanced budget (if one casts a blind eye to the lack of a Social Security "lock box")

* Midnight basketball

* And most importantly, his desperate attempt at leaving a legacy by trying to broker an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal. The final proposal, ultimately not approved, was a two-state solution where the border transcended the third dimension in dividing the Temple Mount from the al Aqsa Mosque on top - thus proving peace is absolutely impossible forevermore.

But then, I don't think like most people.Hmmm I don't think so. Archons are considered to be soulless whereas demons do have souls. Demons can hence possess other beings whereas archons cannot. 

He believes that the reptilians are from another dimension (in addition to Draco, whatever), yes? There are probably various beings in there other than archons and demons. So assuming he truly believes reptilians to be iguana humanoids, it doesn't necessarily contradict things like archons and demons. 

Anyways, it makes more sense to me that if you believe in the concept of reptilians, it is rather a separate race of serpentine beings and not demons/archons or a metaphor for sinister humans, at least from a Biblical and mythological context. I know he means it literally, I was just saying how I interpret it. For me the alien aspect is impossible to prove or disprove, as they're from another dimension or operate on a seperate frequency we can't access, so it's a mute point to argue about they're existence.There was a guy at work that i used to buy weed from. 

One day at his place we both took a few hits and i watched him masterfully play a multiplayer FPS on his PC.

I said in a statement of astonishment, "it's as if your consciousness is more expanded than mine". In response without hisitation or ego he said, "Yes".

I then asked him if he was a lizard person and i asked him if he was a lizard person would he have to admit it. Again without hesitation he said, "Yes". I then proceeded to ask if he was a lizard person and he very a matter of factly said, "Yes"

He then went on to tell me that another one of our co-workers was a lizard person as well. I didn't make this connection at the time but I did once I did some research. Supposedly lizard people are predominantly redheads and both of them were gingers.

Now i too am a redhead so i am definitely not saying all redheads are lizard people. 

Something that also stood out to me was in his refrigerator he had a pitcher of tap water. On the pitcher he had skull and crossbones picture with fluoride written underneath it. Why would anyone keep something like that in their refrigerator? 

Now lizard people aren't lizards with human skin on or some sort of force field projector showing human form. They are beings From a "higher 4th negative" Dimension who have materialize themselves into the human form. They aren't all necessarily in positions of power either. Their sole purpose is to keep as many of us reincarnating into this dimension. 

We are spiritual beings locked into a physical form but to them we are food.

Don't believe what David Icke has said about them using some sort of technology to keep us here. It all comes down to your souls vibrational level. How selfish you are or how selfless you are.

I will say one thing about David Icke Saturn moon Matrix Theory. One night I took a bunch of synthetic psilocybin and stared out into the night sky. Every single point of light was moving wildly except for Saturn. I know this because I had my wife trip sitting with me and she had a start charting app on her phone.

I'm 100% sure we are living in Sauron's Middle Earth.Yes that's great...if youre interested you can pm n for more info, my wife and I are clairvoyant and interact with animal sporits, faeries, unicorns, and other species of ets who appear in an etheric dimension and help us with practical things but also with understanding what is going on, really, and what to do about it. The reason I responded is because the truth is not always as it seems, for example beings who appear powerful and full I light are not necessarily positive, even if they feel good. This is how the false god, Jesus/osiris/Apollo was able to gain followers and power, by dazzeling people and imitating the archetype of "god", which many fell for and signed up for, which is all coming to an end now, finally, the faeries tell me. Another great positive helper are certain fungi which are really like faeries incarnate in a physical form to "help" in the best possible way for this dimension I wish we'd simply get the dimension of the building on the tax report. We already have the surface area. 

Pretty easy way to end or start the discussion on the basement after a little bit of maths instead of mysterious videos or anonymous reports.Why people don't find the dimension and city plan of that building. We already got the surface area............... Then they'd know if there's really 2 storeys one on top of the other OR a long building with a floor more elevated than the other but still without basement.Seriously????? Can someone please explain to me how this isn't all kinds of fucked up? Because I really feel like I've slipped into another dimensionThis is not my pet project.  I spent some effort, but there is way to much junk to try and figure anything out.  Half the people here are upset about his last name alone.  While the other half seem to think demons or beings from an another dimension are behind this.  Sorry, I don't know anything about Instagram stuff you mentioned.  &gt; Isn’t lack of oxygen a moot point in the dimension where the white light exists?

It is kind of a cop out being that it's a know occurrence when you lack O2. But I toss it out so I don't get brushed off by skeptics cause I'm still partially skeptical of the whole thing myself (and the majority of my peers as skeptics. As for needing to breath while I was in the light I, don't remember. At the least I wasn't paying attention to my breathing.

&gt; Pretty neat. Do you/did you recognize the women?

Not at all. To this day I wonder. My mom believes it's my grandmother on her side of the family that didn't live to see my birth. She was so bright that I couldn't see really anything other than her outline and her hand reaching out. She seemed to be wearing some type of robe but again it was just an outline basked in light.

&gt; Fucking scary…but very fascinating all the same actually.

It was terrifying to say the least. Right when I was about to pass out from being under so long I popped up on the surface. I was also in a foreign country at the time. When I arrived at the surface I started calling for help the best I could but in the wrong language. No one came to help. People did start to scream and run from the water so I've always assumed they thought I was screaming shark which scared me. I didn't know if they were actually running from a shark or me screaming thinking I was under attack from one(I was around 11 years old). It made it all that much more worse. I had to swim back in alone crying and gasping for air. 

&gt; O_o Jesus. Dude, stay inside. You’re a walking accident. lol.

Right? I'm glad I didn't join the military or some other dangerous endeavor. These are the three that had some type of possible spiritual meaning to them. I have a few other near death story's I could tell but I didn't see or feel anything outside what I was experiencing in the moment. If I had the experiences every time I would probably lean more in either direction of the scale. One side being its natural(brain or psychosis) and the other being it's all real.

&gt; Well that’s cuz you woke up, bro. You didn’t stay in the white light. I’ve read that the process is kind of different for many. Some get “wiped” the second they go in. Others meet with “guardians” or whatnot and have some “relax/down time” for a while before getting wiped and reincarnating again.

I see what your saying. More like I got a glance from afar. Makes sense. Once I took her hand I immediately woke up. Could have been a guardian turning me around in line. 

&gt; As I already mentioned in this OP, read the works of Dr. Elizabeth Kubler Ross, Dr. Raymond Moody, Dr. Ian Stevenson (Dr. Eben Alexander).

On it thank you!

&gt; The continuance of personal identity exists entirely independent of church or religion.

Makes sense.

&gt; So wait a minute…If you say this, then how can you say:

This is my skeptical brain at work. To see and hear things in this reality is one thing but to have them in say a dream state or near death experience leaves room for the easily explainable. I'm kind of one of those "have to see it to believe it" types. But as you can tell I'm still open to suggestion.

&gt; Are you saying that personal identity exists, but a white light isn’t at all a necessary experience after crossing over? If so, then I understand and wouldn’t disagree with that. If you’re not saying that, however, please explain.

More along the lines of the white light and my experiences may have just been mere hormones and brain chemicals on over drive. First time being a high fever. The second nearly drowning and the third almost going over a cliff.

To put it bluntly if I was certifiably dead tomorrow and was standing over my corpse in the morgue I would probably question whether I was actually dead. I'd most likely be standing there trying to make "logical"(scientific) sense of it all. I figure my lack of a religious upbringing leaves me questioning more than going on faith with this matter.

For me to 100% believe my own experiences I'd need to be fully aware and not under any type of stress. Example would be while sitting here answering your questions a bright light starts to form. I'd need it to happen in this reality if you know what I'm saying. The only reason I can say I believe in paranormal activity what ever they may be is because my experiences were not under duress. That and 4 other dudes plus guests every day for almost a year all saw, heard, smelled the same things. 

Edit: If it matters I've never experienced lucid dreaming. im glad your having fun with this haha. ill be straight - my exterior is of male aesthetic, but my true interior being is of both and neither.

im not from another planet. although some could argue that we all are... some could even argue that we originate from a different dimension altogether, which ever you believe is the right one. what is "we"?Here are your first two
comments to me on this thread.


&gt;[–]AccurateLinguist 0 points 6 hours ago 

&gt;it nearly caused me to lose my vision.
&gt;yeah sure it did.

    permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply

&gt;[–]GoddessWins 2 points 5 hours ago 

&gt;Remember, the brain is telling you what your eyes see, and my brain said, NO!

&gt;permalinkembedsaveparenteditdisable inbox repliesdeletereply

&gt;[–]AccurateLinguist 0 points 5 hours ago 

&gt;If you want to debunk AJ's stuff feel free. But your rhetoric smells of hyperbole, shame, coercion and demonization lacking in any actual substance.

&gt;permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply


As for Alex, those few seconds were all it took to understand we weren't living in the same dimension.


Oh, I don't think I made any mistake in my query at all. First, I never referred to sexual abuse, but to family-induced traumas in the general sense. I specifically did not mention the former because it may perhaps be the case that family-induced traumas of a non-sexual nature may be just as damaging, in certain instances, as those that are sexual in nature. In which case the entire theory falls apart, non-sexual traumas being far more common within families and being similarly causative of dysfunctions that some amateur researchers exclusively ascribe to childhood sexual psychological traumatisms. In which case the sexual dimension to a trauma (re-)manifesting later in life would be entirely secondary and epiphenomenal, i.e. a relatively unremarkable development in an adult's reaction to the stresses caused by subconsciously active non-sexual childhood trauma.You're autistic, there's no other explanation for your logical fallacies and mental gymnastics. You're literally not even trying to counter any of the arguments and facts that I've provided for you and you're making assumptions that I don't think there is some type of entity that created everything, I think the Big Bang happened from nothing and that I've never read or have been exposed to scripture. Some type of entity exists that created everything, it just doesn't really give a shit about us. It's not like our suffering even matters when we will be reincarnated in some way shape or form in the future. The Big Bang happened from a black hole or some type of anomaly in another universe/dimension. I was raised Catholic so unless you're a Norman or a Jew you wern't exposed to anymore scripture than I was. What type of God asks a man to kill his own son to prove devotion to him? Destroys the entire world and human population with a flood because they were all "bad"? What kind of supreme being cares that us horribly flawed humans worship him? What kind of loving God lets so much suffering and torment go on in the world? You have offered zero proof that "prophecies" from the bible are now taking place. Every generation sees these prophecies happening in their life times because most humans are horribly foolish. I can write a book with vague claims and metaphors and have some of my bullshit nonsense happen in three thousand years, especially if generations of retards read it and grasp at straws to try and form connections that arn't there. The burden of proof to support any of your fantasies is completely on you. I'll be waiting for a proper refutation but I don't expect you to be able to come up with one with your inadequate mental capacity. Balls in your court junior Absolutely they are lessons. The Bible. The Torah. The Koran. At their core they are meant to enlighten the masses to why we are seeded in this dimension. Most people don't understand this and expect their reward today *because society tells consumers and yes men they are valid participants in humanity by doing only that thing which serves the elite.*

The lesson to be learned is that humanity can only ascend once it agrees to a singular framework that promotes cooperation and love over division and fear. That is the only reason we are still divided; it's in the best interests of those who cannot recieve the message to pollute the rest of us.

These are called "psychopaths" in modern parlance.The Mandela Effect doesn't propose that people are rewriting history. It claims that the theorised multi-verse is real. In addition, the lines between those multiple but almost identical universes has become blurred.    
At some point, and some claim CERN/LHC to be responsible, individual consciousnesses have been slipping from one almost identical universe to another.    
In one universe/reality, Darth Vader said "Luke, I am your father". Here and now, he has always said "No, I am your father".  
Similarly, in one universe C3PO was always completely gold in colour. In this universe, the lower half of one leg is silver.   
In one reality, they were called the Berenstein Bears. In another it's Berenstain.  
There are thousands of example of this. Mandela's 'remembered' death in the 90's being the one that started this.       

Don't misunderstand though. This is not simply a rewriting of history. Even when accessing original non-digital media, evidence of events that people are 100% certain took place can no longer be found.    
People look for proof of what they were positive did exist. But it cannot be found because those people are now existing in a dimension/reality/universe where those things never happened.       

Personally, I have an unshakeable belief that Dolly from Moonraker had braces on her teeth. Which is why she and Jaws had the connection they did. But in this reality, they do not exist. Even on original 40-year old VHS tapes she has no braces. The actress who played the role has been asked and she, from this reality, said there were never any braces. But thousands of people are totally convinced that the Dolly wore braces in the movie they have seen countless times.     

Whether you think dimensional shifting is possible or that this is evidence of mass delusion is up to you. But this is what the Mandela Effect proposes to be true. something is going down but that's not how I think it's going be, worst case scenario.. forgive me if it might be embellishment but a lot of these things are facts... Ok they will be proceeding to globalization. at the end of the month the internet will be controlled by the global agencies &amp; enforcement and since they're working every angle it's going according to plan but hiding the truth they are failing miserably .

everyday there's more disclosure so for the election Obama is going to call police state of emergency, elect himself for maybe a lifetime term as dictator, he's going to keep the corrupt POSs government cabinet he has already because they already know what's up &amp; except for puppets he chooses for positions ,hell keep them so it appears he has some opposition and they'll continue to look like they're playing sides and he's just a rogue president and there's nothing they can do to control him so oh well... sorry Joe public.

Since  the end of the month the global organization will run the internet &amp; sick or not, truth speakers or anyone opposing will lready be predetermined &amp; marked by records through NSA, Google spying and rounded up in the CDC possible diseases will be the excuse for another National Emergency calling forced CDC apprehension detention medical evaluation and mandatory vaccine which will probably be a disease with a RFID chip or the mesh thing Elon came up with all this without any say and possibly indefinitely, with or without poisonous NALED zika spraying those people will probably be weeded out.

. all other people will be under surveillance all the same players will be watching for truthers and people who disagree will be marked. some who can, will be reprogrammed and others will be let alone because they're just sheeple...all things are pretty much put in place all set to go... 

UN military has already been given the green light in case of civil unrest and so it goes... I don't even want to think what else .. no need to call for people's guns because no need to call martial law because it will already be martial law under the guise of a national emergency or communicable diseases. 

Depopulation is the plan weeding out the people they see  as unfit or unwilling to serve them ......this has been set up for a long time.. there are light years ahead of us with technology and everything, they can do anything they're just keeping people in the dark .....And all the corporations and Elon Musk and Google Apple and others are in on it.. Bums me out I thought Elon was a good guy he was  is my idol when I heard him talking to crazy shit about the AI cyborg stuff that all those rich people are into who want to live forever talk about then I knew.

 So if this is the past in some dimension they are the humans that evolved into aliens &amp; according to Canadian disclosure there's a bunch of different species of aliens I'm sure depopulation happened &amp; I guess the Elite succeeded.. and in another dimension there's the Utopia that could have been :/...theres different versions possibly for different dimensions..

 there's no more conspiracies I mean when you go to the government site just look up the executive orders and proposed amendments those are facts.

 I read earlier that a numerologist or something said something's going to happen on October 4th I don't know I got to look it up.

and everyday that goes it's getting closer and closer to this &amp; nobody's doing a damn thing.... this book I'm writing is going to be great hahaHow long before those with virtue rise up and deport all these corporate/government criminals to the next dimension?    “Before the incorporation of essence, so to speak, there were elements of consciousness. You may also term these to be ‘units,’ which others have expressed previously. (1) These elements of consciousness know no limits of time or space. You may think of these as very tiny black holes. You may think of them, if you will, in physical terms as elements smaller than your smallest physical particles; but these elements are that which create all physical expression. Everything within every universe within every dimension is created by these elements of consciousness, and they are everything. They are not only the driving force behind matter and action, but are matter and action also;

“Let us view the workings of consciousness – what IS consciousness – and the distinctions of essence and consciousness. You may notice throughout this information that I express a distinction between essence and consciousness. Essence is consciousness, but there is consciousness that is not essence. Essence is also unlimited. This be the area that is very difficult for your understanding within physical focus, for you are so very accustomed to thinking in singular terms. All that you create within your physical dimension moves in this direction.

“You create things. You identify things. Even things that you may not see you classify as things, and this creates great difficulty within your thinking and your imagining of how there may be an element that is not a thing and that may be some quality in itself but unbounded simultaneously, that may be thought of in the manner of a distinction but not separate....

“In this, I have spoken previously of links of consciousness. Links of consciousness are not things either. They are elements of consciousness, but they hold no form. They are not within what you term to be a time framework, although they may be inserted into a time framework, but the time framework itself is comprised of links of consciousness, and these links of consciousness have no necessary space arrangement. They exist within all space arrangements simultaneously and within all time frameworks simultaneously.

“Now; links of consciousness may group together, and in specific types of groupings together create a tone, and they may choose collectively to be creating in conjunction with that tone what may be identified as personality. The personality is a specific organization of movement within a vibrational quality of a collective expression of these links of consciousness, which in this type of configuration is creating what we term to be essence.

“Essence is not separate and apart from consciousness. There is no separate and apart from consciousness. There is no boundary to consciousness. There is no limit to consciousness. Therefore, there is no thing, no element, no action outside of consciousness, for there is no outside.- Within consciousness, the configuration of these links of consciousness creating personality tone is the designation of essence.

“These configurations are not separate and apart from each other, for be remembering that I have expressed to you, each link of consciousness occupies all space arrangements and all time frameworks and all of consciousness. Therefore, one link of consciousness may be an element that is within the configuration or grouping that comprises itself to be creating of your essence, and simultaneously, that same link of consciousness occupies all other essences.”

URL_REPLACEDIn my dimension the guys who wear square and compasses on aprons are called URL_REPLACED because Morgan Freeman was a time traveler that started the group named Free Masons in this dimension. How do I get to the place you came from? Sounds awesome.More than a drunk feeling, yes like an opiate.  I believe there is an insightful dimension to it.  I love psychedelics too, but Kratom is a needed opiate alternative for the world.Sneaking in to drop a perspective. Without an appreciation of the complexity of the macro of our universe, the quantum worlds and the absense of time, I would be hard pressed to believe anyones hardline stance on one perspective. 

The pursuit of a what we call a ritous life is valid but once we start saying actions must fit one model is arrogant.

The idea of one god would sit outside of the entirety of the everything known and unknown, outside every dimension and absent of the limitations of time and space 






well, abraham-hicks doesn't recommend it because people lose motivation and don't get enough REM sleep to dream, but it is from another dimension and it does help people tune in quickly, so i think just try to use it in moderation or for ceremony&gt; Maybe my whole life was a computer simulation. But does that mean the earth is actually based off of a 'real earth' that they now replicate for us to live in the fake holographic earth?

Maybe your existence inside the simulation is a rendering of a time so long ago on a planet long gone in another dimension where time existed that you experience is just to see what it was like and maybe that's why you question stupid things humans do like me the troll.It is evidence there is more than one dimension, literally. Seriously, look up the definition of dimension. If you understood gravity and how it plays into all this, it would become very clear to you there definitely more. 

If you actually delve into the math, you will quickly understand why the additional 6 or 7 are taken so seriously by the scientific community. 

But I get it, ignorance is bliss. Other dimensions have been suggested as a reason why some people see "things" (aliens, demons, unexplained entities etc) during episodes of sleep paralysis. 

I'm one of these people. I should clarify that whilst I do believe in aliens and I'm sure some people have been abducted by them, i don't believe i have. I'm positive it's my imagination playing tricks on me. The thought that it could be something from another dimension is actually terrifying! The amount of other dimensions in existence should be close to infinite. Making them completely redundant.
You could even imagine that there is a dimension where we actually exist; and an infinite amount of dimensions where our universe does not even exist.
Redundant and does not even deserve our attention.
And if we can communicate with supposed beings from other dimensions only means that they ARE part of our dimension.
Romantic and poetic thinking that distracts us from our current dimensional human problems. And the article misses that factions of the "global deep state" are now in a dimension of becoming self sustaining entities, see e.g. drug smuggling or just plain money printing in big corporation's own banks. 

Someone like Trump only has to play two big parts against each other and *somebody* has to pick sides with Trump. It seems FBI and DHS picked sides with Trump, no matter what. 

Edit: Further down, he explains:
&gt; A cynic might suggest that the Insurgency itself is only superficially populist and in fact really simply represents the interests of Energy and Banks against other elites. That cynic might be right, we shall see.

If an organization is dependent on the media machine or anything related to images or ideology, then this organization will be under heavy load the next decades. Energy and banks aren't. They are slow moving, despite banks possibly collapsing in minutes. You need money. You need transport. Plain Food, the Church and the IRS are other parts of society which don't have anything to fear from this. An EPA, Walmart in parts, frivolous occupations industry or the arts, (fast food) restaurants etc. in short, probably all discretionary spending is either with one or with the enemy and will go bust just by sheer market forces. 

Now what happened in 2010 and 2014, I remember something about exceptionally dry summers in a region of particular interests and some black goo crunching in price. Agreed! The problem is we don't know anything else except something's... Perhaps this is why "science" deems the universe infinite.

The problem for me is, vacuum is something. If beyond the universe in *nothing* such as "space," space is still something–a lack of something (matter). So we have a void that's yet to be filled by anything, but it's still a space with dimension–a something.thanks for the high ratings!

think of it like a python eating a deer or something, the killing even though it takes like hours will not have anything we consider feeling

meanwhile the part that is the 3rd eye is totally active right between their eyes

if you trip mushrooms, lsd, dmt, mescaline you will at some point see that everything you encounter that is a different dimension or where you 'feel a vibe' is coming right from the center of your forehead.  

i have seen enough and know i dont know enough to keep a healthy open mindedness about aliens on earth

what has been revealed to me, and im not into mystery schools, so i just tell everyone just about everything i experience if they express genuine curiosity, like you are

is that what we consider earth civilization is at the center of a much, much larger controversy not unlike what is described in David Brin's series The Uplift Trilogy.  

There is a force that wants insects and reptiles to inherit a bleak and resource stripped planet, that hates greenery and peace etc

but those forces are held in check by something, and none of these rules are 100%

we are a distant outpost, and if the center doesn't hold, our planet goes dark, this is the expected outcome actually, the usual outcome in situations like this

these are things that i believe but cannot prove, making it my religious if i believed in such things

my religion, if it were, is 'see for yourself'  

consider that a challenge, let me know what you find.  your dna is actually a transciever of your consciousness in this dimension.How much of the population believes in angels? I'm not against the concept of dimension and artificial realities etc but once you "humanize" things you are dumbing it down.As far as I know, consciousness doesn't move to another universe at all after the discarding of the physical shell.  It continues on in this very universe - but just shifts to a different frequency/wavelength/dimension of it.You're going to need to open a portal to another dimension.I find it interesting that it could possibly weave in and out of dimensions. I think our dimension may have shifted sometime around 9/11 and possibly before that, with CERN shenanigans. not exactly sure but reincarnation is one of them

as everything in the bible, hell and heaven are mistranslated. this world is a small part of a much bigger hell system. pple wonder why the wrold's so fucked up? cuz its literally hell. and most of us aint getting out anytime soon. i dunno if the fiery hell is real though. if it is i wouldnt sweat it, its not eternal, only to "purify" your soul or some shti like that. 

some theories say a part of our being is in that fire hell right now, thats why we're here in the 3rd dimension of hell. 

we're here cuz we fucked up and have to pay for it and learn adn grow and shit like that. we're not here by mistake. even the ruling class themselves are suffering. basically any lifeform that is in the hell system fucked up and wont get out till they get their shit straight. the ruling class solution to this is to stay in hell and try to bring it up to "heaven" though that wont work as they tried before and always fail. 

hell for the ruling class is needing US to get them where they wanna go. they do shit on their own so they use us. they dont like that one bit. w/o us they're fucked.The particles main existence is in another dimension in which time is irrelevant.

While we perceive the experiment happening in a liner fashion and we're looking for causality in relationship to time, in fact,

I have no ducking idea. Really really interesting though.Ancient Egyptians worshipped Cats. They said Cats could walk among "both worlds". My opinion is the Ancient Egyptian Gods were actually visitors from the Astral Dimension. Cats may actually have the ability to cross dimensions. Cats are awesome!The Order of the Quest, The Brotherhood, Illuminati, whatever you want to call these people...have engineered our ENTIRE reality. It really is mind boggling when you scratch your neurons together. Is it really just a group of people in a secret society(ies) controling the world for the past however many thousands of years? 

One day 5000 years ago did some friends come together and say, "Hey you know we have a lot of knowledge about the world, our bloodlines can take it over eventually and hoard all the information about the universe and our reality, what do you guys say?"

Have we actually been controlled by reptilians from the lower 4th dimension? (Seriously, why do so many people discredit this? You don't even know what a fucking black hole is, how do you know there aren't beings in other dimensions controlling us? I totally get people shitting on this theory, but fuck it really is annoying that people don't try to give ANY thought towards more "crazy" theories...they are engineered this way though!)

Are the Greys controlling us? Other aliens? Is it Anunnaki from Nibiru who genetically created Humans to be their slave race such as Zacheria Sitchen claims? Or are we just in a simulation, and the elites figured this out? Are we vastly powerful spiritual beings experiencing a life in the third dimension, have always been and always will be? Or do we just zonk out into blackness and the non-existent when we die? Why would the elites give a fuck to do all of this? So they can live their measly 90 years on Earth kind of ruling it from behind the veil? So their kids can rule it? Honestly, it makes me think there is more to life, after death, and all that because of everything they are doing. Do they really value their offspring that much to try to make them the rulers of the world? I mean 100 years ago the elites didn't totally rule the planet, and today they don't. They don't have their one world government, one religion yet. So why do it, for their kids some day, or their kids kids? Or do they know something, do they know they'll be around after this life? 

Are the royal bloodlines ruling us made up of the same DNA that we are, they just figured out how to rule the planet long ago and have been working on it ever since? When was that, Roman times? 

What kind of knowledge are they hoarding? Do these satanic rituals really work? Is it simply just tradition, or is there real purpose? If there is real purpose, that means there is some kind of force the general public does not know about. Is it spiritual, magic, who the fuck knows but it sure isn't in our realm of knowledge if there really is something about it. 

What is their end goal...everyone says its to kill off 99% of the worlds population right? Is that after they use us to build their infrastructure, or what? Is it to build up technology until they literally live like gods forever? True immortality? We know they are soft-killing us, AIDS, cancer, vaccines, wars, H1N1, etc..idk. Too many thoughts for this evening!Some of this I'm saying for simplicity. As in, yes it has gone on since before 0 AD but by referencing 0 AD I'm essentially referring to 'since the the dawn of time, recorded history' - There was nothing magical that happened at 0 AD to make it worse ;)

Switzerland is far, far more significant than the rest. I reference that one above all others because that's where it is strongest, and it is likewise where the 'kings' put their children in order to be safe. In the other cities, you might have a few thousand 'in on it', where as in Switzerland you have hundreds of thousands playing the game. - However your observation that all 'city states' are essentially the models for corruption (hong kong, Singapore) is correct.

I could understand a system in which the devil is perceived as a '4th dimensional being'. Essentially truth, reason, knowledge are a 4th dimension, as it is unaltered by time. However, I find it harder to understand a concept in which these 'evil spirits' have an ability to directly interfere with our reality.

For example, could a 'great spirit' come down and bring enlightenment to all the world? I don't think so. As far as I'm concerned, it must be learned, but I could be wrong.

It would be funny, and not terribly unsurprising if life on earth was originally seeded by aliens. I've thought about how to best 'populate the galaxy', and I believe the best course would be to send microbes to essentially every planet in the universe, rather than sending adult men there to build civilizations. Through such a way, in the infinite expanse of time, diverse life would continue, without significant cost to the living.

But I disagree with the notion that 'chaos' and 'enlightenment' are actual beings (even in the 4th dimension) that in some way affect ourselves. Maybe, but I find that more 'superstitious' so to speak. Or rather, that is akin to the final notion in 'the men in black' where there are a series of marbles representing the universes, and so on.

Concepts like that are worth thinking about, but ascribing them as 'evil spirits' and so forth would throw a person off track. If they exist, they are unable to affect our reality, as far as I can tell.Before you start reading on the 'alternate theories' on how memory works, the buddhist lotus and whatever, you should also read how most scientists believe it actually works

To you know, being able to compare the theories and learning in a broader spectrum beyond the things you already believe

Actually the way i used "payed" or "from your mind" instead of "from memory" and all these english errors are a good example of the way or brain builds these misconceptions and why it is simply a mind-bug and not a "world shift into an alternate dimension where a bond characters had different teeth"

I am not a native english speaker, in the language i use in my day to day when we want to reference things we refer to things differently (like "from my mind" instead of "from memory") and since i never learned english in a school or textbook or anything like that, my brain tought that "payed attention" is a valid term and will keep using it, in my mind i even have some memories of other people using "payed attention" but thinking about it now it may be that these people were simply as wrong as i was or that i am actually remembering things wrong, since i can't remember any of these specific people and can't fact-check

my memory simply was lazy and used a general example (words in the past end with "ed") instead of the more specific and detailed exampleYou're spouting a theory.  Not proven logical truths.  Atheism isn't proven.  It's a religion like any other.  One that worships science and technology rather than God or demons.  You'd sooner believe in aliens than demons because that's more "scientific".  It really isn't. Not that it matters. Half of the scientific facts/truths get proven false within ten years.  How many horror stories can you think of off the top of your head resulting from health authorities misleading us?  Cocaine was in coca cola.  Smoking wasn't considered unhealthy.  Ulcers were thought to be caused by stress.  They were dead wrong and they caused millions to die prematurely. It's all a guessing game.  We don't even understand the human brain.  Science hasn't debunked the theory that the Supernatural exists-or that God exists.  It simply can't measure or test it yet.  We haven't fully understood the third dimension much less the fourth.you say the Bible has been corrupted and can't be trusted because men have edited it.  You think scientific information doesn't get manipulated and corrupted? You think the science driven medical industry put our needs before profits?  You think the media doesn't lie? You put a lot of faith in science.  And in man. 
  

"Science is a systematic enterprise that builds and organizes knowledge in the form of testable explanations and predictions about the universe."-wiki     
Building knowledge.  Not all knowing.  Not building truths. Knowledge can be true or false.    
"If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed."-Mark Twain     
Just Interpretations of reality. Just finding more peices of a puzzle that keeps getting bigger.  Every answered questions leads to 5 new questions. 


Your argument works both ways. Your knowledge is given to you by a media that is monopolized by corporations with political agendas. You're information is tampered with just as you claim the Bible is.  You don't know what the camera is capturing when you see orbs flying in them.   Your guessing.  You don't know whether that reptilian face is real or not.  You are assuming based on your past experiences. You're think you're using occalms razor to identify the the truth by removing all assumptions. But you don't remove your own assumptions. Others have had supernatural experiences.  Who are you to conclude that they are all wrong and you are right?  Its hypocritical to claim it's not ok  for me to think I'm right and everyone disagreeing is wrong when you are just as guilty of it. You want me to prove God exists?  Why don't you prove to me that He doesn't? Giving a popular opinion isn't the same thing as logical proof. The fact that millions of people are atheists proves nothing as far as whether God exists.  Especially when the media is obviously pushing that idea hard.  Everyone knows atheism is cool and Christianity isn't. If I'm correct in that the world is run by closet satanists, than it makes sense that the media would push the satanic agenda which is to get people to be atheist or straight up satanist.
 
You don't know that sleep paralysis is merely a natural biological response that only appears external as an illusion.  You just heard that is the current scientific position on the topic.  But you can't replicate sleep paralysis dreams as an experiment.  You can't study something that can't be replicated in experiments so it's just a theory.  Most of science and medicine is about makeshift labels and categories that are ever changing.  When I studied science at oxford university my tutors expressed disappointlment in the mainstream rejection of anything that involved the unmeasurable and unreplicatable.  The unexplainable is ignored and discounted.  They don't bother with it.  They don't have a way to measure or understand it yet.  That doesn't mean people don't encounter spirits.  It just means we don't have ways to capture them and study them like the topics that science normally studies.   meanwhile all the predictions in the Bible are accurate so far.  I can't even assume that about tomorrow's weather forecast.  It's frequently wrong In spite of it being rooted in science.      

Psychologists and chiropractors aren't able to measure and replicate results like the sciences but you probably think those are valid.  They aren't anymore so than the study of supernatural phenomena. It's all intangible. Psychology is just a series of "schools of thought" aka theories.  Many contradict eachother. They are trying to gain acceptance in scientific circles by moving away from the things that can't tangibly be replicated in an experiment and they are making a mistake.  They want to acknowledge the connection between mind and body since it is becoming clear that the two are inseparable.  They both factor in to what creates feelings.  They used to treat them as separate and they were just as wrong to do that as they are now in moving away from the spiritual side of things. They don't have answers, just theories.  It's not like science has debunked the God theory.  It just won't endorse it due to lack of tangible evidence in the third dimension.  We are all just cavemen making assumptions based on the shadows we see through the pinhole view we each have of reality. 

I've studied world religions for decades.      My theory about world religions- a class I aced in college -yay -along with logic class) is that most of these religions are started as encounters with demons.  They are easily conjured by sex acts and taking drugs among endless other ways including meditation and yoga.  It's highly plausible that- for instance- Indians took peyote and were able to contact the fourth dimension suddenly by opening a gateway in their minds and encountered demons and assumed that they were Gods due to their supernatural powers.  It certainly makes logical sense that religions can be based on encounters with spirits in different parts of the world.  Fasting and prayer and accepting Jesus as your lord and savior are what bring you closer to God so I can see how those who didn't hear about the Bible or Jesus would end up worshipping a demon not knowing it was evil rather than good.  It seems that God wants us to save eachother by spreading the word.  This is just where I am in my personal journey. I have researched and questions all religions including my own and this is the conclusion I have come to so far in my 34 years of existence. 

A truly logical person wouldn't conclude that there is no God just because he hasn't seen proof personally. 'If Bond4141 doesn't believe in God then God does not exist ' is not a valid statement because of the false assumption that you are all knowing.  A logical person would admit his ignorance and draw no conclusion if there was no evidence of God that he can see.  Based on my experiences, I have come to the educated guess that Jesus is real.  I'm open to the possibility that I am wrong just as I'm open to the possibility that you are a figment of my imagination.  

But If God is real then I can't just twiddle my thumbs.  He has strict orders for us.  It's a sign of intelligence to be able to entertain an idea without adopting it as your own.  I considered atheism and it doesn't explain all the evil in the world.  Demons do. Demons can possess us without us knowing.  They can drag us down or lead us to harm others.  What explanation does science have for animal cruelty and endless wars and Rothschild level wealth and greed? I don't believe humans are born that way.  I think we are in a war between good and evil.  There is a battle being waged for our souls. There are good spirits and there are evil ones.  You have to allow for the possibility that you are wrong and think about the consequences of rejecting your creator.      

If there is only the tangible scientifically measurable world that's real in your eyes than why does rape fuck people up for life? Regular sex won't but forced sex-even if no physical beating is involved- will drive people to suicidal feelings.  Why is that?  Yes maybe they just had a chemical reaction or perhaps it was purely emotional. But now your entering non scientific territory. There's no rape pill to restore someone's peace of mind.  There's a one size fits all depression pill.  There's no burden of proof on the part of the psychologist. No tests to measure depression and what caused it.  Only theories. "Did someone die recently?  Did you lose your job? Get divorced?  Molested as a child? Yeah?  Oh that's probably the cause.  Let's talk about it for a few years until you no longer feel anxious or depressed for any reason. Or until you go broke. " 
depression is a symptom rather than the root of a problem.   Anxiety and depression can have a physical or psychological cause and the number of causes can be endless.  This is why psychology is the perfect business model.  They can take your money even if the cause is biological and only treatable through change of diet. They don't even have to rule out biological causes before they diagnose you and start handing you pills.    But maybe the real harm from rape is spiritual rather than physical or mental.  Maybe there was an exchange of energy.  Maybe love fills us with life energy but violence drains us. Maybe depression is nothing more than a soul drained of it's energy by an evil spirit. Maybe a demon is conjured by the violence or attaches to the victim jumping from the possessed person.  That would explain decades of misery that follows child molestation.  You don't know which is true or false.  Scientifically speaking, it would make more evolutionary sense for people to shrug off rape so they can get on with their lives.  Especially if it's not permantly damaging physically.  But I believe there is a change in energy.  An indelible mark on the soul.

Thank God that "Thou shalt be concise" isn't one of the commandments.

TL; DR:  That's just like, your opinion, man.I drank well water no fluoride for me. I see it clear as day. I always knew things were off. If you want a conspiracy attachment, it's likely the stars put us into the next dimension. What I mean is zodiac signs, horoscopes, could be the times where your pineal secretes dmt. I guess they could be because they are not from here. I also am curious as to if beings from other dimensions would choose a physical form to appear in this third dimensional reality because mostly above third dimension is not solid matter

To answer your question you could just call them all aliens or ET's, ET seems more fitting. I think it's more of a way to say "beings that inhabit a higher dimension of space" which could loosely fit the definition of deities for some people. I would prefer to think of them as elements of the universe that play just as important a role as us, but are perhaps a more evolved form of life in the universe, either made of matter like us, or a manifestation of energy, which is basically just matter moving really really fast. Moreover I think that the universe itself it equivalent with divinity so while these organisms are dieties, so are we and so is everything else in the universe; as it's all part of an infinity. This is just my personal belief though, you're free to interpret it however you want. I personally have never used DMT or any psychadelic, but I'm excited to do so in the future.Sure, it's absolutely possible. It did seem very slippery and I believe many Americans saw through it and even damaged them more. Lets not forget last year no one cared about anything, people were not paying attention . So I think they were so used of playing people that they didn't expect any major changes. I think what burned them was the internet and millennials. By censoring the internet they made the first and biggest mistake because they went heads first with the people they should have left alone. The people who really saw the censorship was conspiracy people, web geeks and vicious learners, usually the people who see a piece of reality. Then I think this brought this "no life" " i live in a different dimension than most people", together and then this small number of what would have been I don't do politics people spread the leaks/conspiracies/light to the older baby boomers, which boomers are actually more open minded than the majority of millennials but got lost after the internet was developed and ultimately got out and voted the younger generation out by electing Trump. 

My opinion 🤔

Also, if the millennials and younger generations dont see the light pretty soon then its over. They will take over soon and shut everything down because of their lack of knowledge and ignorance.I am concerned that Trump in his immigrant entry prohibitions is evincing sadism tout court and/or an act in preparation for war (you do not do what Trump is presently doing without giving the least prior notice unless you are making a declaration of open and direct hostilities and/or are engaging in the most denuded of demagoguery). Trump has since the primaries evinced extremely strong sadistic tendencies; this is likely a personal preference and appetite on his part, but it also functions as a demagogic whetting or instruction in psycho-political sadism (inherent in oligarchic fascism), i.e. in the promotion, legitimization, intensification, and popularization of tendencies equivalent to sadism and Sadean personality traits in preparation for an initiation of open hostilities (though, at least initially, short of outright war) against significant nations and economic blocs of the world (Mexico, Middle East, China, EU) and against important, yet ostensibly foreign-like, demographic sectors within the U.S.: African Americans, Latinos, Muslims, Native Americans, even the “unreliable” majority of women concerned with equitable reproductive health access, etc.
Nationally, the logic of such a “political sadism” would be in perfect complementarity with the international version: generalize the most divisive ethos short of actual militarized (dictatorially oppressive) action through full spectrum utilization of media in the service of an oligarchy that feels itself receding from relative and absolute power in a world ever more immersed in freely globalized trade (to reiterate, to the relative detriment of American hegemonic political and economic power). Trump, standard bearer for an oligarchy opportunistically directly stepping “forward to the plate,” promises millions of industrial sector jobs in a newly, if principally industrially, autarkic U.S. Maybe he will deliver in the mid to long term on this promise, in the immediate to short term his “achievements” will be essentially denagatory , denialist, negative, censorious: civic/humanitarian prohibitions, restrictions, dis-protections in the name of greater national security and policial exigencies; per oligarchic rationalizing protocol, best that the populace become ever more inured and desensitized to such civic and societal (oligarchically optative) harshness by being imbued in the “modelic” sadism of a personally autarkic-hyper-capitalist cult leader figure (the effective opposite of Clinton’s “Stronger Together”): a sort of antipodal dimension Chairmen Mao of capitalist autarky (whose vision is to export, impose, and disseminate the same discoherent ideology throughout the world and have the U.S. be the isolationist leader of an isolationized world).
LOLOL.

They are just trolling you. Playing Chess With The Fifth Dimension In A Land Of Faeries And Demons While Riding A Unicycle Around Your Fears.One thing I forgot to add that I feel is important.

Apparently, you can shift two ways

You can shift to the fourth dimension as a negative polarity or shift to the fourth dimension as a positive polarity. Up until the 6th or 7th dimension because after that you eventually become awareness itself, or a part of source. There is no polarity there just is. 

So if you are 95% service to self, you will negatively ascend into the fourth dimensional negative polarity.

If you are 51% service to others, you will positively ascend into the fourth dimensional positive polarity.

I hope this makes sense as it has answered a question I've always had which is how can there be negative advanced consciousness ET life. And this answers that. Because I always wondered and thought that if you reach a certain level of awareness, you wouldn't have a need to do bad. Which is true in a sense but because of the law of free will souls choose if they want to be "good" or "bad"

Thus if you're a "bad" soul you could negatively shift into the fourth dimension negative polarity during a harvest and if you are a "good" soul you incarnate into a fourth dimensional positive polarity.

Could this be what all ancient religious texts mean by judgement and the like? Hey man I'm glad you commented what you did because I've had the exact same feelings and thoughts.

I've been so fed up with life before I've cursed out God and said out loud how can he let such a reality exist. It's something I've struggled with and have had a hard time getting answers too but I think I have found the meaning of it now.

Polarity exists to give you Awareness of the other.

So for example, we wouldn't truly know what love, good, joy, happiness is if we didn't have hate, evil, anger, negativity, etc

The polarity gives us a first hand experience of awareness and what we choose to be. This also ties in with the higher dimensions too up until you reach God awareness which has no polarity because it's source.

So I've come to the conclusion that there are realities, denser realities such as our third dimension we are living on now, that appear evil violent and the like and it gives us a perspective of what love truly is.

Hope that makes sense, as its one conclusion I've come to in regards to why things like that happen. I do believe in the big big picture - we are all one- all the rest is illusion..the anecdotes of people who are dying, the things they exclaim (or sometimes laugh out loud, as though it was all a big joke). 

The evidence that we are created vs indigenously evolved, is our poor adaptation to our environment unique in the animal world (backs that give out, lack of melanin in many people that makes the sun dangerous), also things like blind spot in the eye etc. The evidence for programmed like reality is the fact that math and geometry underlies creation, also deja vu and prophecy, people have mutual dreams, lucid dreaming, much more. 

Recently Jerry Wills on Gaia talking about the supposed portal in Peru, Amaru Muru..the locals wont go near it but he did, its an ancient structure with a strange closed door, supposedly he went through and into another dimension, it was terrifying..but ended up in this all white place where disembodied voices asked him telepathically, who are you? Turned out they had created our universe sort of by accident, kind of like we are experimenting now with the Hedron Collider, they were trying to improve something and created a universe..and they couldnt really control it..but the kicker was that THEY THEMSELVES were created by other beings they didnt understand-- kind of like a Russian doll with worlds within worlds, and who is the ultimate creator? 

When he came back (it was a terrifying experience for him, felt like hours), his wife asked where did you go? You disappeared! but it was only for a few minutes. 

As a lifetime seeker, a person who has had extremely unusual experiences my whole life and from a family with unusual 'gifts', I've come to believe in the oneness theory and so that if you are playing 'dark actor' , you are ultimately acting darkly against yourself --the cabal/elites have been tricked into thinking they are exempt or have antidotes or worlds to escape from the effects of their deeds - but not really true. The real creative sauce of the universe is love -- and that is us - but it has a hell of a imagination. 

I've also come to believe that once you 'wake up' to the game nature of everything and can become a bemused observer, the 'dark matrix' forces don't work on you the same way ! Fear creates its own sticky matrix and that is what causes ghosts, unpleasant reincarnations and lots of other mischief. But I guess its kind of fun at some level? Here in 3d after all we like horror movies and war, so makes sense eh? 
are you speaking of the ethereal dimension which is of slightly different vibration than our so called physical universe. also known as the ghost realm.I used to think this too but it's possible to be on the fourth dimensional negative plane. Anything above fourth dimension isn't feasible for duality or polarized entities like this because fifth dimension you realize we are all one.

It seems they are reaching in from the negative 4th dimension yes that is exactly correct. they are demons from another dimension pretending to be higher beings.He actually doesn't say that he and others are real-life clones (although they exist). He talks about "REM-driven cloning" which is akin to the film Avatar, where a person can enter into a cloned host body while in a dream dimension. He also talks about Vril, Illuminati, etc.&gt; I'm not religious but I believe there is something in another dimension helping us see the truth through a mass awakening

See "Friends case"


Well since the 4th dimension is time, I quickly go into the future and knock over the board (well hyper-cube, I suppose). I win, you lose.Last question because I'm very impressed with the answer I got on love and so far you're mirroring my own theories and ideas on life which is scary because....well it's tough knowing these things but it's fun to ask you now kind of like a Zoltar machine!

So mankind obviously is still monkeybrain stupid which is why we don't know our basic shapes. Sure square, triangle, but circle? Damn circle gets us every time. We use pi which is irrational and henceforth every measurement of a curve is therefore estimated and our entire framework is therefore thrown off. 

Understanding that the universe, the earth, and the even a basketball change volume and shape throughout time does this mean we need to calculate a fourth dimension when calculating volume and circumference of curves? You touched upon it on my question of love stating the earth has no shape and we live in our pineal gland of DMT wash but we should be able to measure circles! Unless there are no such thing as circles and we live in a strictly polygon world that our eyes deceive us from but Is there a way to accurately measure circles on this planet or any planet?  Sorry I'm only asking the tough questions.From Dr. Robert Duncan's The Matrix Deciphered:

&gt;The word “Psychic” is also used as a joke amongst the cloners. “Psychic”, meaning of the
mind, is also close to the word psychotic. I saw it twice in translated Russian literature on
paranormal activity and psychic phenomenon that the word “psychotic” used accidentally
in place of “psychic”. Also overly stimulated minds exhibit strong electrical signals and
are easier to spot as well as piggy back the current electrical brain signals with others, i.e.
neurotransmitter modulations. Intellectuals and schizophrenics exhibit increase electrical
brain activity. The other condition that determines this slang use of the word “psychic” is
the disability of the subject to be easily hypnotized. Or in other words their brains entrain
to external stimuli quickly.

btw I meditated *too much* and saw another dimension and talked/researched about aliens a lot online so they target me ;) they hurt me *really bad* whenever I meditate. I believe there is an esoteric side to the targeting as well and aliens are involved. oooo I know you don't like to hear that. 

edit: there could be other reasons to my targeting I only included what was relevant to your comment This is because we've been genetically modified to not believe we are made in the image of Prime Creator.  Your mind can't even process it.  We're so much more than a double helix... Ascension into the 5th dimension on Earth brings us to where we're supposed to be.. With all 12 strands of our DNA, as we had originally.  We are actually very powerful beings.  Each and every one of us.  You included. Well let me handle it for ya:

There's no proof of blood-sucking lizard people from another dimension. Sorry.I'm just telling you what Icke claims. He says these reptilian shapeshifters are trapped in a lower portion of the 4th dimension due to their desire for negative energy. The "good" reptiles utilize the full 4th dimension. &gt; I could sit here and explain it all scientifically. Such as lack of oxygen etc.

Isn’t lack of oxygen a moot point in the dimension where the white light exists?

&gt; The first time I was a child with a deadly high fever. I saw the light and a illuminated women within it. She stretched out her hand and I took it. I woke up the next morning without a fever. Family still talks about it.

Pretty neat.  Do you/did you recognize the women?

&gt; Almost a decade later I nearly drowned in a undertow while swimming in the ocean. I was pulled to the bottom and was being hurtled across the coral. Again I saw the light, felt the same presence and blamo I open my eyes and I'm on the surface and safely made it to shore.

Fucking scary…but very fascinating all the same actually.

&gt; Again almost a decade later while off trail skiing with friends 4 of us took a cut through some trees while bombing and we ended up nearly flying off a 100-200 foot cliff. The first 30 feet was at about a 45 degree angle. All of us hit or landed on something. One hit a tree before going off the edge. Another happened to land on the only flat spot and me and the last guy were both able to stop by grabbing onto downed trees. I literally had my ankles hanging off the edge of the cliff looking over the top of all the tree's below. No light but the same feelings of being over watched and guided to a "safe" passage.

O_o  Jesus.  Dude, *stay inside*.  You’re a walking accident. lol.

Kidding, of course.

&gt; And for whats it worth the one time I chose to go to the light I woke up with my memory's and I was still in this body.

Well that’s cuz *you woke up*, bro.  You didn’t *stay* in the white light.  I’ve read that the process is kind of different for many.  Some get “wiped” the second they go in.  Others meet with “guardians” or whatnot and have some “relax/down time” for a while before getting wiped and reincarnating again.

&gt; I'm very open minded so even with all these experiences I still doubt the validity of there even being a "light" that's not just natural brain chemistry during a traumatic event.

As I already mentioned in this OP, read the works of Dr. Elizabeth Kubler Ross, Dr. Raymond Moody, Dr. Ian Stevenson (Dr. Eben Alexander).  They’ve all done research on a multitude of subjects (or in Dr. Alexander’s case, experienced the phenomenon first hand themselves) and have all described occurrences where the subject is able to verify things that were going on around them while they were considered “officially medically dead”.  That simply cannot happen unless personal identity exists independent of the physical body.

&gt; As far as my family can remember we have always been "over watched" by angels. Which is odd since no one in the last 3 generations has gone to church.

The continuance of personal identity exists entirely independent of church or religion.

&gt; I do believe in ghosts after living in a haunted house with 4 others guys in college.

So wait a minute…If you say this, then how can you say:

&gt; I still doubt the validity of there even being a "light" that's not just natural brain chemistry during a traumatic event.

Are you saying that personal identity exists, but a white light isn’t at all a necessary experience after crossing over?  If so, then I understand and wouldn’t disagree with that.  If you’re *not* saying that, however, please explain.

Thanks for your response, by the way.

Very fascinating stuff for sure.  Cheers,What you described does nothing to do away with the various other reasons for why certain things/phenomena happen while in the subconscious state.

A phenomenon you experience is just that:  ONE phenomenon.  There are many different reasons for the occurrence of any one thing, and your being able to dream before you’re fully asleep is A) not all that uncommon (happens to me, my gf, and various other people I know), and B) it doesn’t in any way preclude or prevent the various other reasons for the existence of any number of other phenomena from happening while in the waking or subconscious state.

&gt; This REM condition is quite untreatable, take sleep pills was prescribed.

Why use the word/term “untreatable”? as if it’s some sort of undesirable “disease”.  Why is being able to see pictures of what you think about (or just random pictures in general) before you are fully asleep anything that should *ever* require “pills prescribed”?  WTF?  Dude, you just described A NORMAL, WORKING MIND.  This is how minds work.  You *think* of thing, and you often visualize it.  Nothing wrong with that.  What’s so weird about this?

Or maybe I’m thinking it’s normal because this is the way I am and have literally *always* been my entire life and I figured this is just the way things are/people are.

Regardless, you seem to imply that there is “nothing out there” and that “they’re just dreams and that’s it” or whatnot.

There’s just *way* too much research that exists showing the exact *opposite* of this for any critical thinker to not understand that there is a LOT happening outside of this small, limited, physical dimension we're currently conscious of.It is a Multi Dimensional Conspiracy. The Elites worship the Archons. The Archons are primarily based in the Astral Dimension.Absolutely. What would be really interesting is if there is was another dimension in which all points in space were adjacent to each other. Being able to use that dimension as a shortcut to any point in 4D space would allow FTL travel. Hyperspace essentially. This was explored in Event Horizon, which is referenced in Stranger Things a couple of times. Most obviously when the science teacher pokes a pen through a folded piece of paper. The theory upon which that is based is much older than either work.It's obvious the elites/the people causing treason/obama/clinton are obviously behind it, the **what** is the treason, the facade/vail they have set in place to hide it.

The treason has already been proven, it has already been seen and ignored by the masses, at this point I want to cry and puke blood, that is the only way I can describe the feeling of knowing we all have the strength, the hope to bring change, but instead we blindly ignore, and some deny, and refuse to listen, are scared, why are they scared, we are each others strength, we are each others hope, the love, the memories, the words we speak, it is all something, all data doesn't get destroyed in the universe right? It is forever. 

At this point I just hope that in another world/life/dimension we can come to a collective agreement/understanding. It happened a lot in that period of time man.

On April 2, 2014, two U.S. F-22 fighters intercepted two Bear bombers west of Alaska’s coast.
On June 9, 2014, two F-22s intercepted four Bears and one refueling tanker near Alaska. Two of the Bears later flew near the California coast and were intercepted by two F-15s.
Early August 2014: NORAD notes a “spike” Russian aircraft operating in and around the U.S. ADIZ.
On Sept 17, 2014, two F-22s intercepted two Russian IL-78 refueling tankers, two Russian Mig-31 fighter jets and two Bear long-range bombers in the ADIZ west of Alaska. The Russian aircraft flew a loop south, then turned west toward Russia.
On Sept. 18, 2014, two Bears were intercepted and identified by two Canadian CF-18 fighters in the western reaches of the Canadian ADIZ, in the Beaufort Sea.
On Dec. 8, 2014, two CF-18s intercepted two Bears near the Beaufort Sea off Canada’s coast.

It's not a worry, because if they had anything on that plane on that occasion, we would have scrambled jets.  Or zapped it into another spatial dimension  with a laser or whatever.I have nothing but mean words to say to you so I'd prefer you don't even talk to me on here, you're in a dimension I don't belong to.Nonhuman intelligence I would say are very likely to be ruling the planet.  I'm convinced that they are, but I don't expect everyone else to be convinced.  Extraterrestrials from another dimension man, reality is a strange thing.Unfortunately one cannot kill anyone. 
Saddest realization ever. 

Consciousness/Souls are eternal. 
 
We can deport them to the next dimension. 

Cunts always come back though.  This is a prison planet. Well think of the "Big Bang" to the "end of the universe" as a line segment. The true fourth dimension includes the infinite time before the big band and the infinite time after.well, there is about to be another pole shift where most of humanity is wiped out like in the bible and i think the ETs only save those who are worth saving (Anubis) and everyone else is reincarnated on another planet that has been set up for them to play out duality some more for the entertainment and expansion of the multiverse.  

these are alternative news sources, but sometimes that's the best place to get the truth.  Edgar J. Mitchell says the benevolent ETs won't let world war erupt, but the planet has freewill and we have to reach critical mass in consciousness as a species in order for first contact to occur and for us to join the galactic federation, which we were cut off from in order to conduct the luciferian experiment.

http://www.wanttoknow.info/ufos/ufos_nuclear_missiles_warheads_shutdown

http://www.collective-evolution.com/2014/11/10/why-are-ufos-shutting-down-our-nuclear-missiles/

there have been energy portals on the planet that were dormant from atlantean and lemurian times and they have been slowly being activated, like the 1/1/01, 2/2/02, 3/3/03...12/12/12 dates that the crystals were activated on the crystalline and pyramid system energy grid, the sun is also a stargate and there have been energy waves beaming through in the form of solar weather that are slowly reminding people who they are as the luciferian experiment comes to an end on this planet/plane/dimension/space-time continuum...

there has to be an ending in order for the new system and civilization to be put into place and the hope is that everything can end peacefully with little bloodshed.  i am willing to forgive the elite if they are removed from power and kept from doing this again.  they played their roles perfectly in the experiment.These people are Satanic. It is a fact. A group comprised of World Leaders and the Wealthy Elite. The entire group worships and answers to the ARCHONS. The Archons are Demonic Entities located in the Astral Dimension and communicate with the Elite through their insane rituals..What did I say to spoke you fool?
ok, which battles have you "picked and chose" thus far? right.

 you can't even muster the courage to allow your brain to figure out a solution. You live in fear, and your mind can't fathom a different "reality" than the one we both share... the only difference, is I have another reality I believe in, the future, so Your "realism" is just one dimension garbage from not a sheeple, but even worse, a buzzing but irrelevant bee in a hive mind that enslaves it. Im honestly glad its Trump. As bad as a person people think he is, he is not a politician, nor had had a real career in politics. I think that adds a dimension to him that gives me hope.theres heaps of info wizzing round your space outside visible light. without your cataracts you can also see ultra violet light, with your phone you can pick up wi-fi. its said with the right combination of energy and emotion and other(??loosh?) a human can channel a kind of alt dimension reptiallian.
google david icke

HILLARY CLINTON FOR JAIL&gt;They are all Satanists. The actual ruling of this world comes from the Astral Dimension. Earth is actually controlled by THE ARCHONS..

Again, my question is, how did you personally arrive at this conclusion?I have seen them as have many others through Astral Projection. They reside in the Astral Dimension, and you will meet them when you die. They pretend to be Ascended Masters and Lords Of Karma, but are Pure Evil. Once again to all skeptics; You will meet them after death, they are the ones who Force Reincarnation..It really is bizarre to watch the complete 180! I feel like I have stepped into another dimension.Can confirm dinosaurs in second dimension. 

Source: Had sooooo damn many dinosaur books as a child.That's where it gets interesting.

It's technically all around us, we just don't have the sensor input needed to pick up on it (because we only have five senses)

But if you meditate, and the like you can get temporary glimpses or feelings of the fourth dimension and I do believe this is where a lot of channeled information comes through 

AnaLog did a great basic summary of it. All dimensions are basically all around us. Because we are energy condensed to a certain vibration, there are other vibrations all around us (vibration being dimensions) 

It's a matter of what dimension or frequency you are resonating to We exist in 4 dimensions, I'd like to know how a being with one spatial dimension that doesn't move through time visited one of our spatial dimensions.Legit questions: beings from another dimension wouldn't be called "aliens" or would they? How would one differentiate between beings from our "universe" but from different planets (like aliens) and beings from other dimensions (like, not aliens?)?Hold on. Let me see if I understand this correctly. You don't believe that, in a near infinite universe, of which we have only explored our solar system, using lenses, because we don't have the technology to leave Earth, of which we haven't even discovered all the species or microbiological entities that live here....but you believe in a literal Biblical Translation and multidimensional existences where personal morality and deeds effect the dimension you go to when your body perishes...?

Let's assume, factually, that demons exist in another dimension. Isn't it just as equally likely that we aren't alone in a universe with an uncountable amount of solar systems, black holes, and theoretical white holes?the way i wrote was the correct one, we just shifted to an alternate dimensionTime is the 3rd, or rather we recognize time, see, and can measure time.

The absence of time and space is the 4th. Which is to say, in a worm hole, 'space' is bent in such a way that we can travel from one part of the galaxy to another, instantly. Likewise, such as in those Sherlock Holmes films and so on, when time seems to stop (or slow) then that too is the 4th dimension and they are interrelated.

The study of black holes is the best physical representation of the 4th dimension. A person who spends 3 'earth years' circling a black hole will age 1 year, due to the forces of gravity, and so on. Likewise, matter within a black hole is seemingly 'everywhere and no where', or rather it is 'sucked it' at a rate in excess of the speed of light.

So yes, you are right, but not in the sense in which it can be measured with a watch. More like the removal of time, and space.

---

From such a perspective, the only thing unmolested by time and space is Truth. Truth was and always will be, everywhere and nowhere. Chaos, in contrast, is the absence of Truth. So I guess you could hypothesize Truth and Chaos are forth dimensional concepts, with Chaos merely represented as the absence of Truth.It *starts* as visual snow, but as one concentrates (and shifts their eye focus in the dimension of depth) the snow 'coalesces' into fully defined and animated imagery. If you can see the snow, keep staring and concentrating.Everything I've watched mentions the fourth dimension but I could be wrong on that. For the longest time I thought they were two dimensional or atleast negative third dimensional or something.

David Icke says fourth dimension as does David Wilcock and a few others but it could be something entirely different Absolutely correct! Now my opinion regarding your astute observation is that *if* it was pushed as a "Look everyone! Look at all this wacky stuff this TV show government did that we also did in real life! LOOK!!! EVERYONE SHOULD KNOW THIS!!!" then I'd put money on the fact that most people would turn away from wanting to know more about it, like a pushy door-to-door evangelist; any militant stance in a persuasive argument (assuming the goal of this whole example is to persuade the audience into researching MK Ultra) is almost guaranteed to fail from the very start (in my opinion and in my experience).

Instead what I think the creators of this show wanted to do was leave enough easter eggs–either filmed on camera or written into the script itself–for those of us who are well read on this subject to connect the dots and be the ones to explain the history and inspiration for this show. Which I always thought was clever given the title of the show: "Ya dude, this show is trippy. Wanna know something even trippier tho...? 'STRANGER THINGS' have actually happened in *real life!* Check it out, go to the wikipedia page for MK Ultra."

If persuading people into being interested in this stuff is the game, what a masterful chess move by the creators to let all knowledge-levels participate and play their role (i.e. the newbie drawn in by the show/cinematography/soundtrack; and the conspiracy population sitting right next to the newbie to guide his future research).

Then again, I am in no way positive on any of that; just theories that make sense for now. :)

spez: also, if you love horror/thriller movies and want to explore the alternate dimension concept you mentioned, I highly highly recommend Banshee Chapter. Not sure if its on netlfix anymore but definitely worth the watch. Super unsettling tho, in case you're not into that.but time is just our way of defining moment to moment. IF we didn't piercieve it linearly, I don't know if we could label it as an actual dimension.

Starting to think time doesn't really exist at all. It's all about where our current holographic simulator (brain+consciousness) is at a current time ie. our current perception.A lot of people seem to skip over the 4th dimension when discussing this and I'm not sure why.

Is it because we percieve time as our fourth dimension? We have our 3d space, and then time as the 4th. I feel like that is looking at it from too mathematical a point of view. Time doesn't exist and we only percieve it linearly. I think time/space is built into everything, not just our dimension. We percieve things this way because we are in the 3rd density, ie. the only dimension with actual physical space where you can "touch" things, which makes this dimension unique in terms of gaining life experience and evolving your soul consciousness. Dimensions are more like a rainbow or the musical scale imo, so why suddenly jump from 3rd to 5th?

edit: also, just adding that I didn't mean for this come off like I was putting your point down, and didn't mean for it to seem like I took an issue with it. Just curious in regards to this topic because I see some people reference 4th as our next step, and others jump to 5.I don't think this is a conspiracy (among humans, at least, in this dimension). If it's a genuine post and this person's wife really did just come up with that while on meds, she's probably psychic or some pesky spirits are playing a joke.**Do you believe the victims of neuroweapons, or do you deny their holocaust?**

PS. you say 9 million Jews in Europe. If you take 1 million holocaust survivors in 2002, use actuarial tables, you get 15 million survivors at end of ww2. Add to that the supposed 6 million figure you get 21 million. So even without adding those Jews that emmigrated, you're way over the 9 million.

You say it's impossible for large numbers of people to lie. And yet for hundreds of years the lie of blood libel, witchcraft etc. persisted. In fact, we have a Jew, Alan Sabrosky, who says that Israel did 911. To account for the success of the operation and keeping the truth suppressed, this Jew estimates half of US Jews are traitors.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIka141BKjw

We know how this could be possible - Jewish laws that are similar to mafia rules, don't testify against other Jews, it's okay to break agreements with non Jews.

&gt;somehow the rumor took hold that this means that it was made from Jewish fat.

There was a Jewish guy who showed people soap and said the nazis made it. The official story is that he hoaxed by the naughty nazis. 

You know they found a lampshade made out of human skin which genetic tests showed was Jewish? If its just a "rumours paranoia", who made this lampshade?

&gt;And whose "job" was it to "lie to the enemy" 

Anyone working in propaganda departments, psychological warfare departments. It's their job to deceive and lie about the enemy,

&gt; This mythical monolithic Jew hivemind you've invented? 

Your words not mine. This Jewish rabbi insists Jews are aliens receiving instructions on taking over the world from another dimension:

*So from this entire planet, we are aliens coming from a different galaxy. We receive this ray of light – this awakening – individually. And now we’re gathering as groups starting to prep ourselves to conquer Earth. That’s the mission.*

*Question from the audience: How do we conquer it?*

*Rav Michael Laitman: How do we conquer it? We’re also sent the method. We’re being shown everything gradually. We’re being taught. Not being taught, but kind of trained and activated… which sets our minds in motion. But in fact, it’s coming from our original planet. And thanks to that original natural force we have, we will take over those living on Earth.*

*Why are you looking at me like that? You don’t believe me? I’m telling you seriously! It’s even more than that. It’s not a different galaxy – it’s a different universe. It’s a different dimension altogether. That’s who we are…*

Seems pretty wacky to me, but I guess they've got to tell their followers *something* to distract them from all the pedophilia. &gt; You're spouting a theory

To add to this, The idea the earth revolves around the sun is a Theory, the Heliocentric Theory. Even Gravity is just a Theory. 

In science a Theory is the working model of what has been observed. 

&gt;Not proven logical truths.

No, but once again it's a combination of multiple truths. The universe is 13 billion years old. The earth 4.5 Billion. Humans are ~200 000 years old. Then there's the actual debunking. Noah's ark never happened, there is no evidence for a large flood. Even if there was, the concept is overly flawed. Evolution is a proven fact, animals come from like animals in the past. The only real debate is how animals get 'selected'. 

&gt;It's a religion like any other.

A religion requires faith. Faith takes a 'truth' and finds evidence to fit it. Atheism doesn't follow that. Atheism looks at what is, and fills the truth in from that.

&gt;One that worships science and technology

Nothing is worshiped. Atheists don't go to Museums every Sunday to sing science songs. 

&gt;You'd sooner believe in aliens than demons because that's more "scientific".

Yes, the universe is infinite. It's more likely that life exists elsewhere than just Earth. 

Demons however are presumed to exist on earth. Yet we have no tangible proof that they exist. 

&gt;Half of the scientific facts/truths get proven false within ten years.

Yes? Once again, Science looks at what is and gets ideas from that. While ago exo-planets were assumed rare, now we know they're common. Science is constantly getting changed to reflect new findings. Religion is not. Would you rather follow 2000 year old stories, or what we can prove today?

&gt;How many horror stories can you think of off the top of your head resulting from health authorities misleading us?

What? If you seriously want to bring up a Science vs Religion death toll, I will urge you to remember that Religion is incredibly deadly. And still is today. Not to mention the people ignoring science and relying on praying to get better... and then die. 

&gt;We don't even understand the human brain.

If the human brain was simple enough to understand, we'd be to simple to understand it. We are talking about the most complex biological thing we know of. 

&gt;You don't know what the camera is capturing either.

Depends on the style of camera, lenses, and sensor/film. We know how they work, and thus can know for a fact what wave lengths of light are being picked up. 

&gt;You don't know whether that reptilian face is real or not.

Once again, you've already edited the photo. Not only is that photo the camera's perspective, but you then change it. And if it's giving off light, and thus letting you see it, then the driver of that car would know about it as well. Most drivers look int he rear view mirror a lot and would not go unnoticed. 

&gt;You are assuming based on your past experiences.

No, I'm using Occam's Razor. It's more logical that a lower end camera has image defects, than demons exist. 

&gt;Others have had supernatural experiences.

Or claim to. 

&gt;You don't know that sleep paralysis is merely a natural biological response that only appears external as an illusion.

When you sleep your body releases a chemical that paralyses you. When this is a bit wrong, you get those without the paralysis, such as sleep walkers. Sleep Paralysis is the opposite, waking up while still unable to move. The sudden stress activated the fight or flight effect, while still half asleep. This can cause visual and auditory hallucinations. As is stated in my source in my previous post. 

&gt;But you can't replicate sleep paralysis dreams as an experiment.

No, but you can monitor people who are sleeping, monitor their brain activity, and then see when they're awake, or asleep. Then figure out what happens. Much like how we can't replicate Comets, Solar flares, Asteroids, etc. Yet we're able to figure out what they are by just waiting and getting a large enough sample size. 

&gt;You can't study something that can't be replicated 

That's just plain false.

&gt;Most of science and medicine is about makeshift labels and categories that are ever changing. When I studied science at oxford university my tutors expressed disappointlment in the mainstream rejection of anything that involved the unmeasurable and unreplicatable. The unexplainable is ignored and discounted. They don't bother with it. They don't have a way to measure or understand it yet.

This doesn't make any sense. Yes, 'alternate treatment' is ignored because if it was real medicine, then it wouldn't be labeled as such. Homeopathy for example is provably false. Yet people still cling to it. 

&gt;That doesn't mean people don't encounter spirits.

Medicine and Science != Spirits. 

&gt;It just means we don't have ways to capture them and study them like the topics that science normally studies. 

No. It's because they don't exist. 

You cannot have something that interacts with matter, without having matter of it's own. Spirits are not scientifically proven, which means they lack matter. 

Things can still exist without matter. Such as light. However we can see these things due to the energy they give off. As such, if Spirits exist, it's not in the record-able spectrum of light. Sound is vibrations, and is lumped back into physical matter. 

But we still know things exist when we can't see, or touch them. 

Gravity is amazing. We know that not only dark matter and dark energy exist, but we know it doesn't compress, and is found around the outside of galaxies, yet there is still some all around us. However this is only trace amounts, and does not interact with light, or matter. We only know it exists due to gravity. 

https://home.cern/about/physics/dark-matter

Could dark matter be spirits? Maybe. But once again, you wouldn't see it, or touch it... They would also be everywhere because it's incredibly common. 

&gt;That doesn't mean people don't encounter spirits. It just means we don't have ways to capture them and study them like the topics that science normally studies. 

I don't think you understand a very basic principle here. If you can encounter a spirit using the limited senses of the human body, Scientific equipment would pick them up easily. 

&gt;meanwhile all the predictions in the Bible are accurate so far.

I, what? no. just no. 

&gt; I can't even assume that about tomorrow's weather forecast. It's frequently wrong In spite of it being rooted in science.

Weather is the combination of everything everywhere and it's effect on, well, everything everywhere. To predict the weather perfectly would require knowledge of every variable in the Earth's ecosystem. That said, you're also lying. 

&gt;URL_REPLACED

&gt;Psychologists and chiropractors aren't able to measure and replicate results like the sciences but you probably think those are valid.

Dude, half of Computer science is "This works, i don't know how, but it does". Just look at Quantum Computing for fucks sake. Not every field of Science is Math. A lot of them fall back on the saying "In Theory, Theory and practice are the same. In practice, they differ." We will never be able to test physics on a frictionless surface for example. 

&gt;They aren't anymore so than the study of supernatural phenomena.

Both of them have tangible evidence that what they do helps, and works. Whereas, like you said, there's no way for there to be proof of supernatural events. 

&gt;aka theories.

Once again I'd like to toss in a reminder, Gravity is also just a Theory. But you won't jump off a bridge to prove it false. 

&gt;They don't have answers, just theories.

Because the brain is to complex for us to completely figure it out? We know a LOT about the brain. We know of different areas, different chemicals, different mechanics inside the brain. But actually figuring out what being conscious is, is much harder than you may think. 

&gt; It's not like science has debunked the God theory.

It's not up for Science to disprove an idea. It's up to science to look at what's in front of it, and figure out what is there. It's up to you to prove god Exists, not others to prove he doesn't. 

&gt;We are all just cavemen making assumptions based on the shadows we see through the pinhole view we each have if reality.

And if we followed the bible, we would still be avoiding pork since it doesn't cook easily. Science gave us stoves, fridges, and germ ***theory***. The bible gave us demons that make you sick. 

&gt;is that most of these religions are started as encounters with demons

Interesting how these encounters, which can not be picked up by equipment, happened at all. Then stopped. 

&gt;They are easily conjured by sex acts and taking drugs among endless other ways including meditation and yoga.

&gt;&gt;sex acts and taking drugs

&gt;&gt;&gt;***taking drugs***

*sigh*. Seriously? Fucking seriously? You're basing demons exist because of hallucinations we can now prove all happen inside your head? 

&gt;Indians took peyote and were able to contact the fourth dimension

We are rooted in the 3rd dimension. We exist in the 3rd dimension. Our brains, which only exist in the 3rd dimension, when altered, in the 3rd dimension, change your way of thought. This is not only proven both accidentally, as well as purposely, but has been known for years. 

Continued in a post bellow.That's not even approaching evidence. You're talking about parallel dimension stuff. UFOs are entities from a different dimension that don't want good for human. 

We've known them since the beginning yet, we refuse to refer back to the old scriptures. Thus we have forgotten that they were here. The war in the middle east is not what you think it is it's a war against a people who are aware of those entities and know how to defend against them. 

They are called djinn and they are very real my friends.  


Remember 

Reality is stranger than fiction...When you die you will go to the Fake Heaven in the Astral Dimension. After some time you be judged by The Archons. They will say you owe "Karmic Debt" and need to come back to the "Earth School". You then have your Memory Erased and are Forced To Reincarnate. This happens over and over. You are used like cattle to produce energy that gets absorbed by The Archons. They are Parasites. This is how everyone is enslaved..Weakening the Defenses of our Dimension

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXHxgNmcfQEI don't believe they exist in this dimension, but in the one you can access by "other" means. &gt; game with accidentally satanic icons

You're Notch right? It was no accident Minecraft is made of cubes, cubes have 6 sides. Put 3 cubes next to each other to get 666. Then add in a whole hell dimension made of these devil-cubes and pack it full of the devil's pigmen. I know who you are Notch, you're the Devil's Mouthpiece and will burn in the boiling pits of sewage!inb4 the future government operates in secret with ''bee savers'' and marshall law called to save bees. Enviromentalist, who recently had full support for global warming prevention, lobby for the ''bee savers,'' we hate enviormentalist, so we decide to make forsest fires to burn all the bees. We run out of food in a year, aliens come looking for Stephen Hawkings, no one is around, they settle in our planet, populate, create an organic species, send an organic mole to the past to find out what happened, they name it Hillary, she is against global warming because she is trying to kill off humans sooner so her kind can settle Earth sooner, she then supports global warming because her kind died because there were no bees, shes pissed, now she's trying to be president so she can send a nuke developed by Syrians towards the trajectory of her kind's space ship so she won't be created because, she's pissed, she hit's her kind's ship, she's still alive, she's really pissed because some other dimensional being said, "look at me, I am the Captain now." Turns out, in the other dimension, her kind's kind were pissed because they killed off their lower kind because they were the bees for them. I love bees.If you believe in string theory there are at least ten dimensions. When you go up a dimension, it is but an infinite amount of "points" from the previous dimension. It applies to all the dimensions that we learned in math (a line is comprised of an infinite amount of points, 2d plane is comprised of an infinite amount of lines, the entire 3D universe is comprised of an infinite amount of planes). Going up a dimension to 4D would mean the entire universe is just one point. Time can be divided into an infinite amount of moments, or points. The fifth dimension means that the entirety of the fourth dimension (time) is just one point. This is where we see every possible choice in the universe creating a different universe (or if you don't believe in free will, an infinite amount of predefined universes with a set of choices per universe). Going further down the dimensions, if every possible universe exists in the 5th dimension what is missing? For each possible universe starting from the Big Bang to be one point, the next dimension encompasses an infinite amount of starting points of the universe (different than the Big Bang). To move to the next dimension you must ask yourself what is missing. Well, what is missing when you have every possible universe with every possible timeline. Consider that as one point in the next dimension, where mathematical constants and rules of physics are different in the infinite amount of universes. The question to answer is: if there is a PTB, which dimension does it exist in. Could the PTB just be a five dimensional being of our little "point" in the infinite amount of dimensions. Or is the PTB the power that lies in the last dimension, controlling every point in time of every world of every possible universe...The whole thing is a farce. I mean that literally. It's been planned for years. This is no coincidence that she had her fall on the anniversary of the towers that fell, nor that she "overheated" like the towers did (lol). 

It goes all the way to the next realm. To GOD or the 5th or 6th or 7th dimension or whatever level is above. These events are scripted. All of it! The coughing, the green stuff spit into a glass. Trump! (Think the sounding of the Trumpets, my friends).

For whatever reason, very very very very very powerful people are acting out the book of revelations through the world stage. It doesn't mean old Hill-dog is in on it, but it does mean that what is happening to her is no coincidence or accident and that all of it. ALL OF IT, is part of the play to act out the end times prophecy. 

Now can you imagine what sort of power would be required to do such a thing? The mind here will boggle and this is where most of you go back to sleep into whatever fantasy you are comfortable with. It's ok, I'm not trying to convince anyone of anything nor stop what is happening. Merely informing to just sit back and enjoy the show because we are watching someone go to extraordinary effort to play out scenes from the bible for us so maybe we should just go ahead and see what happens :).

Im not saying we have to die to get there maybe we don't. Don't ever underestimate anything and say that something can't happen, there's limitless possibilities.. As an example, The higher form of self is energy.. AKA spirit how do we know that in another dimension they're not in solid form they've just reached a higher plane of consciousness to be able to transform their energy and come back in time but they're only in energy and they can show themselves ,they can walk through walls they can do all kinds of things they want to,.
 I have photographed .. Sounds crazy but they actually summoned me to a place to photograph them, spirits /people, they're still people theyre just not solid and I've seen 6 different types of UFOs what I've learned is everything that you thought isn't is and can't be &amp; everything that you thought isn't &amp; can be , some of us don't know, they say that when you die you have the answers you reach a different level, supposedly there's 6 levels of conscious power and we're at the lowest level, but like I said don't believe that we have to die to get there, there's endless possibilities.So you think we are the only species in the universe that currently finds itself in this 3rd dimension? Or am I misunderstandingThat's a building? It's pitch black &amp; has no dimension. I could be wrong but that's doesn't look like a building to meSounds kinda fakish, like something that one might read on an alt-dimension version of Jezebel. It has the same commercialized vibe/tone of magazines directed at younger woman with a 'progressive' slant, the only difference being the negation of the 'progressive' proclamations while retaining the same cookie cutter "feminine" feel. Perhaps the stereotypical tone was done as parody, who knows, in any case it came across as insincere, artificial, at the very least unprofound and generally uninteresting.As far as my knowledge allows, Grey aliens were originally an organic race of beings from Zeta Reticuli, but some sort of parasite or disease disabled them from reproducing.

The Greys, seeking the survival of their own race, made a pact with Draco Reptilians. These intensely negative Reptilians promised the Greys that in return for their unwavering obedience, they would become inorganic and immortal.

Greys are like the worker bees for these 4th dimension Reptilians. They seem to be robotic in nature. They (the Greys) abduct humans/animals, extract bodily fluids from them, and carry out whatever wishes the Reptilians desire as part of the "contract" that is being fulfilled.

I may have gotten a few details wrong.We can use this knowledge to do so. But your right, just in the excitement of shifting it is amplified in the collective. This info has unlocked so much h in my mind, it's spinning.

Someone asked, how does the author know? My answer is that some people are those who can See on two planes at once. And can conceptualize the actions of physical realities. Seth is like what's on the other side of our dimension. If you read the article it gets into the portals between dimensions. Jane Roberts was gifted at connecting with the larger, inter dimensional portals, allowing her to bring through a non physical essence called Seth. Seth, if you read his many works, definitely gives new info about our reality and was one of the front runners in describing the shift in consciousness we are beginning.It's certainly possible. And the scientific evidence (double slit experiments etc) increasingly suggests that our reality is an illusion that only appears to "exist" whilst it is being observed - like a scene in a computer game.

It raises fascinating questions, though. The beings that created us occupy a different dimension that we can't see, but do they also inhabit a simulated universe? Who or what occupies the original reality? 

Were we made in our creators' likeness? How many other simulations does our creator-civilization have running? 

It is hard to imagine that our simulation is conducted in real time (from their perspective), and presumably our world operates on a much faster timescale than theirs. Maybe our year is a day for them, or a minute, or maybe it varies (but always feels the same to us)?

Has our simulation been reset in the past? Does this cut-off point coincide with the origins of civilization as we know it (about 10,000 years ago)? Perhaps our current simulation is bolted-on to a fixed "4 billion year old Earth" narrative which doesn't change, so when our simulation expires, it resets to the same fixed point that we started off at.



 Have you ever fucked around with a ouija board? I don't believe in any religions particularly but I believe there's some sort of spirit world that may or may not be a different dimension/plane of existence. 

I have a lot of stories about things I've experienced with ouija boards, everything from having a dead child tell me that the devil is real to playing with one at a funeral home at 3am only to be "followed" by whatever was unleashed and having it fuck with my friend and I for several days after.Very interesting article. I had a bizarre experience when I first started doing this. I was laying on my couch in a meditative state and had taken just Kelp Tablets for the first time. I was awake but instantly standing in what looked like a locker room. Two people who are deceased (one was a relative) were shocked at my presence. After speaking for a couple of minutes I opened my eyes, looked around my house while remaining on the couch. I was fully awake and aware, as this was not a false awakening. Closing my eyes I was in the locker room once again. I opened my eyes once again and looked at the clock next to my couch. Closing them once more and appearing in the locker room. The people said to me that I was "Phasing" in and out of body and their dimension..Dimension X - the fucker Shredder and Crane are to blame.There's not much more to it than that. It's a primordial theory if a theory at all. Basically the red shift we see in distant galaxies is caused by the expansion of space and nothing else; there is no starting point. The universe is infinite and has existed for all of time, but if that were the case than time wouldn't actually be real and is just the manifestation of our awareness of our own mortality. It's been said in some books I've read that beings that could live forever could just wait around for quantum events to happen (like an apple tunneling to the other side of the desk. There's a minute probability of it happening and if you wait around long enough it will happen eventually) because they wouldn't really perceive time, it could behave as just another spatial dimension at that point. 

Another element of this is the question all cosmologists ask: why is there more matter and so little antimatter? I think this is a silly question because it's asking why about an assumption. I have yet to see a study that actually says that the universe is made of matter, and that it's not just pockets of matter and antimatter that don't interact. This is bolstered by the recent measurement of the spectrum of anti-hydrogen, which was the same as regular hydrogen. The link to it was on this sub a few weeks ago. That being the case there's no way of telling another galaxy is made of matter or not because the light emitted from it looks the same either way; light doesn't care, the photon is it's own antiparticle. 

The biggest hole in the "new steady state membrane infinite universe" hypothesis is definitely the pesky microwave background. Maybe the universe is a black body itself, but I have yet to come up with an elegant explanation.

If there's not already someone (you, I, or someone else) should make a sub like r/alternatescience or something to discuss ideas like this. A place where alternative ideas can be discussed without scrutiny or judgement, like a giant brainstorming group of people sharing theories. Take advantage of the social media revolution to do science better, not compromised by governments or corporate interests. Crowd sourced science is the future!William Mount (the author) is a whole other dimension of woke. I'm watching his other vids, this shit is outrageous!Good, Paul Krugman is a pompous imbecile and everything that he says is basically a lie.

&gt; This phenomenon is probably why near zero inflation theory is popular and manifested in monetary policy.

In what dimension do you live exactly? 

Look at the track record of fiat currencies, no sign of what you describe.

&gt; Generally speaking I don't think Human Values need a market.

Money is a tool to scale and make trade efficient.

If you want to operate outside the realm of very small and closed communities, money is inherent and inevitable.
If anyone would actually read the released FBI documents on UFO's it clearly shows multiple sightings and even crash recoveries. This is seen on actual declassified documents. To go further Aliens are working with the shadow government at Area 51 and in the Underground Bases. At the top of all this: You are inside a Computer Simulated Universe. This Simulation is currently controlled by Aliens called "THE ARCHONS". After you die you will join the the deceased that are held in a Fake Heaven. This is basically a small area located in the Astral Dimension that is very similar to earth with houses, bars etc. Each person stays there for a period of years. Eventually they are told they owe "Karmic Debt" (which really does not exist) and the only way is to come back to the "Earth School" (it is not a school it is a prison) The memories are then wiped as well as the Holographic Avatar and Personality. The person is then Forced To Reincarnate once again. Humans are lied to and continuously enslaved to provide energetic vibrations that are consumed by The Archons. The Archons are Demonic Alien Parasites.I am watching the video right now. Looks excellent. I get a large amount of insults and ridicule on here because my main interest is the interdimensional aspect of all this. To put a massive subject into a small summary. I absolutely believe The elite are working for a group that is based in the Astral. I also believe the elite have the tech to move people and equipment into that dimension.I agree with you about there being a parallel dimension. Oh! I did feel extreme terror when it happened.The 4th dimension, what exactly is it? As far as I know 3 dimensional beings pervieve the 4th dimension as time yes? Just curious because that last part really resonated with me, as if it's happened before and will happen again yknow?I'll start this tonight in hope I'm asleep and dreaming when the poles eventually flip. That way I can glitch into a new dimensionThe Satanic Group in control has enslaved this planet and the adjacent Afterlife Dimension. I understand when the effects of the drug are about to take affect people say they feel and see their consciousness/soul leave their body. After this annomaly people claim to blast off into another realm, dimension, or dream. It is in this trance like state secret knowledge might be given. A conversation with other worldly being may occur. A journey of epic proportions to test your merrit. Each trip is unique. The terms left and right are pretty conflated nowadays, as a lot of random associations get pilled on top of the original definitions. 

In so far as left and right refer to differences on the economic dimension — where left represents central control of the economy, in whatever form that might take and right represents distributed control, private property, free enterprise, etc. — I believe they describe a dichotomy which is very real. Because how else can an economy be organized?I think so, most pizza places have weird ass stuff on the wall. Mellow mushroom started the trend. However if you consider Devner the last dinosaur is wearing 3D glasses, that probably represents that we need to evolve to the third dimension &amp; by doing so we can take a train along his neck to unlock the truth about how the peophiles are dinosoaurs that evoled into human form to rule over us. Or, or, or maybe the owner just let one of his many stoner employees decorate the place. Your probably right though...I think people also refer to 'awakening' with different meanings. As the Earth's frequency rises, people are beginning to question what 'they' are; not so much what is going on externally in the world. 

The horrors that are making themselves known through the careless mistakes of TPTB -- or rather through the degree of negative energy created by the actions of TPTB that have grown so strong that they are no longer able to be veiled from our eyes -- are also resulting in plenty of people posing questions as such, "Well, if everything I've ever thought to be true in the world was, for the most part, untrue, then is what I've thought I was all along not true too? Is this 'I' feeling really 'me'? What is 'me'?" And that question, inevitably, leads to a spiritual awakening in which you realize that mankind is currently living in a state of insanity in which our true consciousness is veiled by ego, and ego is a false mental construction manifested by one's devout belief in one's thoughts. In other words, humanity spends so much time thinking nowadays that we've literally grown to believe we are our thoughts and have become attached to illusions.

But, we're stepping out of that dense, simple way of perceiving reality and are stepping into an illusionless world, where only truth reigns. No longer will the world be run by negativity and the selfish belief in a 'little me'. Rather, the world will be run by a more open-minded, united mass of people who understand, factually, that all of us come from the same One thing. We are all one, despite how corny or abstract that sounds.

So, I'm not sure I can agree with you. I don't consider an awakening to be something related purely to politics. You can be living in the jungle with no idea about what's going on in "the real world" and you can still be experiencing an awakening as your consciousness is literally entering a new dimension.

You've been awake for 20 years, meaning you've been more aware of the truth behind political/worldly issues for a longer period of time than others. But have you taken the time to contemplate what you actually are? Do you understand factually that you are everything you have ever experienced? Do you see clearly that all you have ever been is right here and right now? Do you see clearly that time is an illusion, that space is an illusion? These are the things to be asking right now, in my opinion. But kudos to you for being politically awake for so long; there are certainly plenty of people who need guidance from people like yourself at this point in time. Cheers, man.Whered you get the blood sucking humanoid lizards from another dimension from?There are posters legitimately questioning whether pedophile blood-sucking humanoid lizards from another dimension really exist. 

I think this sub has jumped the shark.I apologize if I misunderstood, please constrain the notion of "significant" if I have missed the point. 

If you mean for the species, it means an infinite number of energetic particles can be be harvested from the Dirac sea. It means we can travel (much) faster than the speed of light as well as communicate much faster. It means the mind has power. It means that while we've been restricted to the idea of traveling to other planets, we can  in fact travel to higher dimensions, possibly other versions of R^3 (although they would have the same physics for the initial discovery (linear R^4 before nonlinear)). In theory, other physical realities could be formed, although they could end up being logically equivalent (1-1 mapping) to this physics in the end. To answer your last observation, uncertainty is embedded in the notion of which is conjugate to the other via the phase ambiguity, and we have no means of knowing all the information precisely enough nor from all units in all existing universes and at any given point to know all of the solutions and dimensions and such. 

TL;DR: This could literally end up being be our evolution to a higher dimension. 

Mathematically, every real function is said to be differentiable. Look up holomorphic functions. Everything is a real valued wave function, i.e. and infinite holomorphic function. I wonder why de Broglie and Bohm were "convinced" there work was shit. Wonder if it is like how Edison, or someone, smeared Tesla so much?


Sorry to be so assumptive, but to answer your question now of how they fucked it up so much: 

Fuck. Noblesse. Oblige. 

Among many other things. 


What a misleading clickbait title. They stopped using 500 and 1000 Rupee notes that do not have any security features.. They have NOT stopped issuing lower denomination notes. Plus they will be issuing new notes in 500 and 2000 Rupee notes with more security features. A new 1000 Rupee will also be made.


http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-37933233


&gt;New 2,000 and 500 rupee denomination notes with new security features are being given to people to replace those removed from circulation.


&gt;A new 1,000 rupee note "with a new dimension and design" will also be introduced in due course, a senior government official said on Thursday.

Everything is connected. They are all Satanists. The actual ruling of this world comes from the Astral Dimension. Earth is actually controlled by THE ARCHONS..&gt; I said escape into the Real Universe or choose to enter the Astral Dimension. The Astral Dimension is part of the Simulated Universe and is not the Free Real Universe. I am still here because; 1) I am still alive and continuing my research within this Physical Dimension. 2) I am going to cancel the Archon contracts, enter the Astral and save my deceased loved ones.

So what is the free real universe? 

So you are saying when you die you will remember the contract? How will you save your loved ones?

Every night when you sleep it is the same as dying. The difference is that you are still connected to your "body" by the Silver Cord and that returns you to this dimension when you wake up. Astral Projection and Advanced Lucid Dreaming are incredibly important because they train you to be fully awake and aware in the Astral Realms. If you do these on a regular basis you will be in control when you die, and remember what needs to be accomplished. You will need to explain in detail to the deceased that this Universe is a Simulation. They were tricked into agreement of "Soul Contracts" with The Archons. Someone who is now fully aware of the deception can firmly declare all "Soul Contracts" and "Archon Agreements" as now terminated and cancelled..I have Astral Projected with full awareness hundreds of times, as have many others. I have spoken with many people who are deceased, but currently inhabiting the Astral Afterlife Holding Area. I have seen the Reptilians. They are 100 percent real. The Astral Afterlife looks and feels similar to this world. It is another dimension that is extremely close to ours in frequency. They are pretending to be Ascended Masters and call themselves the "Lords Of Karma". This is actually true. I have seen it numerous times completely aware but in the Astral Dimension. Everyone gets judged by them and sent back here into slavery..Geez, you had to ask.

I do not care about theories or 'calculations'. Quantum physics only bbbbbaarely touches on these subjects, all of which in my studies is quite simple to understand if you look at this through a less 'rational' perspective.
Our conditions make it virtually impossible to grasp something so immensely simple. I would start out by reading a few choice books to get a more spiritual outlook.
Nature Spirits and Elemental Beings -Marko Pogaćnik

The book of the Hopi

These are good starting points for a delve into understanding the other dimensions of existance (which are very real). 
My personal belief is that there at least 7 dimensions, perhaps 8 if time  is considered a dimension in itself.He prefers Stella, but doesn't realize it in this dimension. i can only conclude Morgan Freemason must be god 
he is in every other film he makes here in my dimension
&gt;What if we break out and it's terrifying. 

I think as we explore ways to break out, we will end up opening to portals to other dimensions, and this is where we will come across horrors that get released into our dimension, I'm talking shit like straight out of some sci-fi horror flick, alien vs predator style.

I also think we can open up a dimension to free us from this prison here as well, I'm talking bodies of light that never die in a Utopia of light/love/bliss/highest intelligenceThis is how you mix Terence McKenna with music:

https://youtu.be/qp-v4sdNnW8?t=46m20s

&gt; this actually is simply one level of a cosmic system of some sort where birth and death are transitions from level to level

&gt; intimations of immortality are vouch-safe by these plant hallucinogens

&gt; why this should be, why it should be possible to get a look over the great divide? I have no idea

&gt; if you try to approach the problem scientifically, I think you would agree that in terms of likelihood, it's more likely that these are human souls in another dimension than that we are being contacted by extraterrestrialsHow do we know we're not experiencing this shared reality with flat landers. Sometimes when I'm dealing with some folk I feel they're stuck in a dimension less than me with how limited their consciousneses are.&gt;The higher dimensions are nested in the lower ones, there isn't interplay there except insofar as they help establish the boundaries of the laws of physics

As is above, so is below. What happens in this dimension affects those dimensions, and what happens in those dimensions affects this one. Interdimensional means that they are able to communicate with this realm by possessing bodies and hijacking consciousness. It's why they bred the "13 bloodlines" to be genetically engineered for easier reception of an outside entity.

Again, you probably know nothing about the Black Nobility, Thelema, Black magick, kabbalah, sabbatean-frankist worship, 1666 Sabbatai Zevi, the continual worship of Baal in the image of other idols, Marduk, the 9th circle of the Catholic Church, the Hyksos invasion of Egypt by Canaanites and their worship of Set, the failed cult of Aten-Ra and Atenism, the Roman forgery of the Bible, the Cathars (revived Gnosticism), the Merovingian bloodlines, Moloch and Minerva worship, the cult of Isis/Diana, or many other deep rabbit holes. You don't understand the fabric of reality until you actually pay some respect to the occult and how it has shaped the world we live in. I was thinking about the exact same thing. Maybe they aren't able to pass into our dimension easily.Good reply. I think you have opened my eyes to another dimension of a similar thought. &gt; Andrew Breitbart did the same thing, he pushed forward with it, he got heart attacked... 5 years later, nothings changed, its worse than its ever been

Yep.  Breitbart totally did the same thing.  He fought to stand up and expose things.  And yep.  You’re right.  He got heart attacked.  Definitely.

But what’s happened since?

A whole nation of people now KNOW what he did, what he said, what he meant, and what the fucking PTB will *do* to you if you try to uncover their evil shit.

That’s a great sacrifice Breitbart made, but it wasn’t in vain because a *lot* more people know about the horrible shit going on and a lot more people now pay more attention BECAUSE of what happened to him.  So yeah.  He did do a lot and he did actually change things in the sense that he was one more drop in the kettle of citizen awareness with regard to how bad things are.  A few people woke up because of him.

Did his efforts ensure that EEEEVVVERYONE woke up?  Of course not.  If that’s your barometer, however, for whether something is “worth it” or not, then you’re simply doing *life itself* all wrong.  Things don’t work like that.  Change doesn’t work that way - especially when what you’re trying to change is something *big*; a status quo that has had everyone hypnotized for a LOOONG long time.  Not easy to change that, and it takes serious work to change *everyone* - and sometimes a lot of deaths, sometimes a lot of people making the ultimate sacrifice…and Breitbart was one of the people who was willing to step up to the plate and expose things even at that risk.  It’s obviously a massive risk, but that doesn’t mean that it shouldn’t be done anyway because everyone is, again, under a cloud of lies and deceit on this planet and things will absolutely not get better until we come to realize that.

Same applies to George Webb.  Same applies to ANY truth seeker that’s *really* working hard and making the effort to, again, *stand on their own two feet* and not live their life as a slave on their knees.

&gt; You think in 2 dimensions where win/lose. If I dont go to a casino, I wont lose and the casino wont get any money from me.

Dude, you LIVE in a “casino”.  Using your “casino” analogy, it is actually *you* who lives in ~~two dimensions~~ one dimension because you don’t realize that the “casino” is everywhere.  It is your very *life*.  It’s what you are brought up and indoctrinated to believe is the case from the time you are born.

You *live* in the “casino” - the casino of the controlled manipulation which is this planet…we *all* do.

It’s just that some of us are more aware of this fact than others…and I’m not sure you’re on the side you think you’re on.

&gt; If I dont post on google/youtube, I wont lose and google/youtube money from me. I come up with solutions where the income I generate goes 100% to me. David uses solutions where he only gets a portion of the ad revenue goes to him and the majority went to google/youtube/paypal.

Yep.  You’re thinking in *extremely* small spheres of influence - and it shows.  Your *life* is controlled.  How you think, what you think, and why you think it is dictated by the influences that you had growing up - and those influences are predominately under the control of powers whose existence you’re scarcely even aware of.

&gt; What Im trying to encourage is people to stop and "THINK"

Yeah.  Me too.

&gt; when you come up with an idea turn it into a business and implement it and become rich and use that money in a positive way to support people like David

And what you come up with will still ultimately be under the auspices and under the control of your masters - which is *not* what I’m ultimately talking about or referring to.I doubt we have satellites and therefor highly doubt we can go to mars. Go to google images,NASA.com,or wherever and find on real image of earth from space that is not a composite or cgi photoshop fakery. They do not exist from what I've seen. Give it your best shot I'm open to whatever the truth is. Heaven could be above space as depicted occasionally . Or maybe its a different spiritual non material dimension.  I got here by cutting through all the bs that is shown to hide the nature of this place we live and the existence of God. I was just talking to a friend who has done research on the MIB. He thinks they are Aliens and likely from another dimension. Does the book talk about "Skinwalker Ranch"?I've been tossing around the idea that Foo Fighters, the glowing orbs observed in WW2 not the band, are entangled balls of light that acts as a sort of 360 degree camera of sorts. Transmits it to an interface in a different dimension or even time.

I've seen one before in person. It was spooky. Whatever you say friend. I am not religious. I just know the facts. Actually any advanced Astral Projector/ Lucid Dreamer can go into the Lower Astral Dimension and see it resembles a place worse than any religious "hell"...A better term for this is 'false dichotomy', its a well known informal fallacy, and a very important topic to bring awareness to, for sure. It's also completely baffling to me how two party systems are effective at duping and corralling electorates.

I do want to ask you, however, what it is that you see, on the economic dimension, beyond the left and the right. Either the economic power is distributed among individuals who undertake private enterprises, or it is concentrated in some central body. What other alternative is there?This phenomena is explained quite nicely by the Reciprocal System theory. The theory was first published back in 1959 by Dewey Larson and has since been expanded some by interested researchers, but it has been altogether ignored by mainstream science. 

In this theory motion (or energy) is the fundamental quantity, being composed of space and time. Space and time are reciprocals of one another, hence the name of the theory. Light is then the vibration of space and time, and combinations of rotations and vibrations of space/time form matter. A consequence of this theory is that, in addition to 3 spacial dimensions you also have 3 time dimensions. Our waking consciousness perceives things in space/time, or 3 spacial dimensions plus one time dimension. Our "unconscious mind" however operates in 3d time + 1d space.

It turns out in this theory we find that stellar evolution is backwards as predicted by mainstream physics. A nice consequence of this understanding is that it gives rise to a natural explanation of planetary evolution. Planets are stars that have since died out - in fact, the core of planets are white dwarf stars. As the hot, dense core cools, it will expand. This is part of the reason for the expansion we've observed in this video. Another reason is the fact that the Earth is constantly moving through interstellar dust, and thus gaining mass by collecting the dust. This is a more constant increase in comparison to the larger shifts that can occur from the dynamics of the core. A detailed paper on planetary evolution in the Reciprocal System theory is URL_REPLACED by --daniel. 

For more info about the RS theory, check URL_REPLACEDBelieve it. Those things are both Satan and God. If you get strong 6th senses and get intoxicated you can see Silhouette's of things. I have had "dreams" more like me waking up in the middle of the night and seeing things. I also see them when I get intoxicated. Sometimes I'll see spirits. Sounds really weird to people who aren't conspiracy theorists so I don't mention it. But they are all around us don't fear. We live in this dimension, and they live in another dimension. They have dominion over us in some ways, spiritually is the main one. I saw a video putin_loves_cats put up earlier where a man said the sun comes from another dimension. I also believe that we share dimensions in some ways, the sun being one of them. It's a mind fuck I'll tell ya, but the farthest down the rabbit hole is God in my opinion. I went from Atheist to believer because I had a life changing experience. Those beings played a part in it. They can even affect our physical plane in my opinion and may even be able to manifest in our reality just using an invisibility cloak of sorts. I am not sure I am just talking out of my ass but I believe aliens are all around us. The bible refers to them as Demons, the quran refers to them as Djinn. Other names they have are, star people, archons, ect. To be fully spiritually liberated you have to defeat all your demons. Once you defeat your demons you may use them at your disposal because you understand how they work and others do not. It sort of just happens once you know, be a rock and know thyself. 

http://www.express.co.uk/news/science/639279/SCIENTISTS-discover-invisible-alien-entities-spying-on-us-on-Earth

The Light ones are God beings and the dark ones are Satan beings. Some people like God others like Satan. I personally like God. Not only is there indeed a spiritual dimension to what is going on, but the spiritual is what ultimately ultimately drives the physical.  However, prayer - especially as most humans misunderstand the term - should not necessarily be confused with the spiritual in and of itself.

You said "We should all be praying." yet I bet you most interpret that statement as meaning getting on their knees and "begging Jesus Christ to URL_REPLACED while we sit idly by and continue to do nothing of ourselves.

That's a shit kind of "praying" and doesn't deserve being looked upon as anything really spiritual.

Prayer is critical if you are intelligent enough to realize that it is ultimately really just focused intent designed to channel energy from The Greater Self (which, holographically-speaking, is literally every one of us) upon a particular task.  The intent involved, however, must be commensurate with the needed task, and the needed task in this case requires far more self-responsibility and focus than we have thus far shown as a citizenry.  As such, "prayer" alone - as most of us in this day and age remedially understand the term, will likely not work anywhere near as effectively as actual intelligent action.A prophecy is being fulfilled, it seems to me the bible is being fulfilled. The bible predicts there will be a short reign of a female leader in "mystery babylon" which is Amurica. It also warns of a grand deception that will deceive even the elect, the elect are those who are elected by God to be more spiritually advanced than others.

It states there will be a war between two nations, south/north of each other. In my opinion Russia and America.

It says there will be 3.5 years of "war on saints" which is when the mark of the beast will get laid out. The only way I see people getting any mark whatsoever is if aliens come and supply us with it because people aren't dumb enough to get it any other way. In the bible it also states to my knowledge that ET's will be here.

If I can elaborate on some occult knowledge I have I will share with you some just so you can look into the rabbit hole for yourself.

Magic is real and I believe entities are real. They are secretly dictating our world from the high ups. They feed on our spirits. Our world is a physical realm created from another realm. We exist in both realms. This world we live in is the "fake" world and the real world we can only access through certain drugs, those that Shamans, witches and alchemists use. DMT or Ayahuascha for example.

I learned things from the spirit world and researching immensely. I just feel it happening. It's everywhere in music and such. Our minds are actually radios that come from the spirit world. God grants us knowledge and also demons, it's our choice and based on our spiritual capability that will decide which we give into.

I'll just throw a bunch I have heard on the radio.

"I got guns in my head and they won't go, spirits in my head and they won't go"

"This is it, the apocalypse woahh"

"Something big I feel it happening out of my control"

It's bigger than you can imagine so I'll try to touch on it some more. I have entertained many thoughts and what even the craziest conspiracy theorists would consider crazy I went farther I checked into everything and just looked around into what makes sense. My understanding, for anyone who studies the occult should see how it relates, Saturn is the planet all elite worship.

The reason they worship Saturn is because in reality. As Tesla said everything is vibration and frequency. Currently the earth and our bodies are 528hz. Saturn has the hexagon ring as shown in Jewish religion. As many know the Jewish people, zionist jews specifically, run the world banks and are a key part of the grand deception. Since everything is frequency I believe Saturn is influencing our planet and taking us into lower frequency. That is the reason we live for less than a century mainly. That combined with food and a stressful life to the maximum. It lowers our vibration.

What is going to happen is Saturn is going to either stop vibrating and influencing us, or saturn is going to vibrate faster so that we raise frequency. In many holy books like the book of Enoch, Enoch lived for over 700 years. Today nothing like that is even fathomable. The reason is because we live in low vibration.

Combine that knowledge with how you get the keys of knowledge. I know I had my break through when I was on a really big high. I felt low about myself and as Eminem would rap "And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get
The weight has been lifted"

From that point on I just knew something and dug deep for it. I followed all the greats and believed in destiny. Tesla said to understand the universe you must look at it as energy, frequency and vibration.

Vibrate high, be high yourself the view is way different from the top. Nothing really matters except avoiding this deception and I almost guarantee aliens will be a part of it.

I don't believe in outer space I see the planets and all but I don't think they are what they think they are. Sounds make different shapes at different frequencies. That's why Saturn has a hexagon. It will change one day. It changed colors a few days ago for some reason. Think about that, if it's just a random planet why is it changing colors. Nothing is how they portray it to be. Welcome to the grand deception.

Edit: I'll add in more just so you can see it better for yourself. Dr. Sebi cured people of cancer and aids proven because he beat the USA supreme court. Also a retreat deals with ayahuascha to remove your demons to make you healthier. Simply you are just removing the negative so that you vibrate higher. Dr Sebi advertises a high vibration diet that will cure anything by eating living foods to raise your natural frequency on your body.

If you have any questions ask but if you are going to hate I won't reply. Be respectful I know it sounds unreal but...

you gon' think a nigga psychic, you ain't seen nothin like this - jay z

Only the ones who are spiritually clean can see it. For now it is few I am hoping more will wake up it's seriously this simple just transcend the world and find the next dimension.My handlers literally told me with V2K tech (voice to skull) that I was cloned, had a lucid dream of being in another dimension, was technologically raped during sleep many times and some other stuff.I have a feeling they might call (COG) &amp; round up people and put them in camps, some of the adults they'll reprogram and use as slaves &amp; maybe they'll go through the children &amp; buy sell n trade them like the Isis slaves.
Could be why they don't mind all the refugees coming in because they're just going to get rid of them anyway they wanna start the depopulation campaign .. They don't care about those people, they don't care about the refugees, if they did they wouldnt have created them in the first place &amp; they don't care about us either obviously .. I've read it from somewhere were they called the population "useless eaters"

I mean everything seems to be going towards like that's what being planned. I mean they're going to install Hillary the FBI nobody's doing anything.  They started all these fires and we're running around trying to put them out while they're robbing the bank.

They try to make you think they're doing something &amp; that they truly care about the country  and the citizens &amp; the Constitution and what's right

Were being played on grand scale I'm afraid. Why would anyone in the Government Federal to state want to fix what's going on? Its not broken for them, they're not broke. United states of america incorporated the corporation . The corporation by the corporations for the corporations .  ...Not Of the People by the people for the people . Like the people think .. all BC of the coup after the the revolution &amp; the act of 1871 that turned America into a corporation &amp; the states into Corporations.. And the law enforcement and so on and so on.

if We really wanted to fix things wed have to start there and recognize that that was a false Constitution put in place to deceive us and extort money from us anddc take the country back that they lost , and so there is a shadow government we are being ran by a shadow government, not the original government that was intended.

I learned a lot on annavonreitz.com &amp; its in chronological order. I cried for 3 days
The greatest fraud ever.

I really feel like this is a computer model created by a computer and its just randomly putting together &amp; playing out different outcomes... There's billions of variations of outcomes but there's only one amazing perfect one, where everythings perfect.  There's green energy , the country is exactly what our forefathers intended, the world is complete and whole people live very long lives, we live off our land, we grow our own food, were free yet responsible we care about Community each other's children ...were self-sufficient, we have Commerce. We have effective space programs and we are colonizing and becoming Stewards of other planets, 

There's no insurance, there's no IRS, no driver's licenses, you own your own home, people are not signing thier children away to the government as a slaves with a birth certificate to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange   . .... there's nothing unlawful ,, we're not Rats on a wheel , Citizens depend on local community government more than they do on national government, The law is "no victim no crime" there's only common law in civilian Courts presided over by common law judges which could be anybody fair &amp; honest in the community, instead of harsher admiralty law in military courts presided over by Foreign agents just to extort money, laws are only written to extort money from people ,.   . there's no more war in this perfect wave dimension because people are educated and they don't need violence to make things happen BC war is unheard of &amp; they use intelligence. it's Utopia people are telepathic; where we break out of The Matrix or the soul cage were trapped in here on the Earth due to the chemtrail metals being dispersed into the air and further controlled by harrp, metal in the food &amp; water  ..and even the Utopia runners-up that aren't So Perfect aren't even that bad to exist in,not as bad as what we're in right now.  

Everything's on a loop I think, the aliens are us evolved, they say the universe is expanding.. ever seen an Infinity mirror?

Sorry I went off on a tangent but point is, They're making money all of them they're going to cashless currency. I think no matter if Hillary or Trump gets installed Obama's might come back and do a third term and finish up on the grounds of "National Security"

Regardless what they do they can do whatever they want but one day there will be truth and justice

I wouldn't be surprised about anything just stay vigilantThat would also be nice. I appreciate the sentiments and applaud them.

But anyone who thinks there isn't a spiritual dimension to what is going on is not aware of all the pieces on the chessboard. Prayer is critical. I said escape into the Real Universe or choose to enter the Astral Dimension. The Astral Dimension is part of the Simulated Universe and is not the Free Real Universe. I am still here because; 1) I am still alive and continuing my research within this Physical Dimension. 2) I am going to cancel the Archon contracts, enter the Astral and save my deceased loved ones....So do you think we are the only species in the universe (as you define it, not 'they') that currently finds itself in the 3rd dimension?https://youtu.be/wHknzzJeK6Y  
1 John 4:1 Beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether they are from God. For many false prophets have gone out into the world. 2 By this you will know the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesses that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is from God,… https://youtu.be/wHknzzJeK6Y 
https://sexkittendeprogramming.wordpress.com  http://sexkittendeprogamming.tumblr.com   internationalinternetwatch@gmail.com http://sexslavessexkittens.blogspot.com http://katyperryexposedsexkitten.tumblr.com 
https://mkultramindcontrol.wordpress.com/home  https://mkultramindcontrol666.blogspot.com  http://www.katyperryexposedsexkitten.tumblr.com sexkitten@mkultradeprogramming.org 
MK Ultra/trauma based mind control is making Monarch slaves out of the musicians/actors/fashion victims in their respective industries and is prevalent in an Illuminati/CIA/Masonic controlled Hollywood known as both Hellywood and Babylon. These 'Monarch Slaves' are mind controlled by programming and seems to be a pre-requisite of success for the young 'stars' entering the fame game for the first time and some entrants are selected from birth and others are sold into slavery with the promise of fame, fortune and recognition involving immense amounts of money and are controlled throughout their career once they have 'sold their souls to the Devil' by 'handlers' or 'owners' who hold the 'keys' to 'unlock' the mind program to make the stars act and obey them into ever more sophisticated acts of pornography, Satanic sexual rituals, prostitution, drug trafficking even assassinations and although the stars are the most obvious cases the problem runs much deeper as even Policemen, Soldiers and members of the public come under control as the program is no longer the domain of guinea pigs as in the 1950's but is fully tuned in, tapped in and topped up and almost anyone is susceptible to 'mind control' as long as the handlers follow the program correctly but the majority of the 'victims' and 'survivors' come from multi-generational 'Satanic' families (bloodlines) and are ostensibly programmed 'to fill their destiny' as the 'chosen ones' or 'chosen generations' (a term coined by Dr Mengele at Auschwitz during World War II). This blog sets out to explain in graphic details including photographic evidence of the horrific blight on the landscapes of the entertainment industry and will lead you on a mind opening journey to the very top echelons of society to Governments and 'above'. Parental guidance is advised as some of the photographs contain nudity and we hope that in opening up the plight of the 'slaves' then the program can be dismantled and our proposals in Freudian based Psycho-dynamic Psychoanalysis can ease the trauma of unlocking the minds of the unbelievable number of victims as even the TV set you sit in front of is 'mind control'. The buzzword is 'wake up' be 'vigilant' and 'trust' in Jesus Christ the redeemer who is typing this blog in the NOW. Let us pray.
MULTIPLE PERSONALITY DISORDER:
MPD also known as DISSOCIATIVE IDENTITY DISORDER (DID) and is the basis for Monarch slave programming add to this further conditioning of the victim’s mind enhanced through hypnotism, double-bind coercion, pleasure-pain reversals, food, water, sleep and sensory deprivation along with various drugs is making Monarch slaves of 75% of the human population by altering certain cerebral functions. In relation to the most obvious victims; the entertainment industry stars of Hollywood a majority of the stars entering the fame game are coming from multi-generational Satanic families (bloodlines) and are hooked into becoming front line soldiers in the overall global attempt to stop the people waking up to the facts that there has been a complete control of their ‘reality’ by Reptiles (more of which later). Vast fortunes are being offered to the young dreamers entering Hollywood and for this blog as we are going to use our two examples of Monarch mind control programming KATY PERRY and JESUS CHRIST the MESSIAH we insert a great example of the danger these victims can be 1) KATY PERRY   https://youtu.be/CuLw2kwCN8A  here seen influencing the general public of America in which way they should vote to elect their President in one of her personalities an alta of the Hollywood star most girls would like to be. 2) JESUS CHRIST controls the Universal mind of GODS consciousness and CHRISTS consciousness which over half the population of the world sub consciously listen to. NOW put these two together and marry them then they would be either an unbeatable force for the GOOD if Jesus is the dominant personality but great evil if the handlers of KATY PERRY so decide because not only are these two married OMG but they merged in June 2014 as in ARISTOTLES ‘True love is two souls inhabiting one body’. We must add here that as you will see KATY PERRY has evil handlers but Jesus is such a dominant personality that when KATY PERRY became his handler and commenced trauma based MK Ultra mind control programming she failed to control all the already split personalities’ that Jesus had developed under mind control exercised upon him by the French Foreign Legion in 1983 which just goes to prove that Katy’s handlers are really not as good as you might think if they can’t program someone to do their evil bidding if that person is already mind controlled programmed but the truth was that Jesus has only acted the victim and no one has been clever enough to capture his mind ever and how he beat it will be explained later in order for ‘YOU’ the reader to combat your own mind control programming whereas KATY PERRY is of such great danger of being totally exposed by Jesus and his Army thus punished by her handlers or more likely exterminated by her overall commanders the Illuminati that before this blog is published Jesus will expose those Reptiles at the top of the Pyramid in the Hollywood chain of command and the people they answer to. KATY PERRY is in fact showing signs of such DID that Jesus has offered safe harbour to her within his protective shield to deprogram her thus helping this blog to offer the answer to those in need. Therefore, when we are using KATY PERRY as our blogs example it goes right across the board that the mind controlled SLAVES are waking up and are working covertly with Jesus to unlock the control they have suffered from as mind controlled soldiers in a war called good and evil ~ they are forgiven for their part as we forgave the soldiers of Hitler’s Army only interested in the top echelons of the command chain as it should be remembered that only JESUS offers eternal life as there is coming Judgment Day.
https://sexkittendeprogramming.wordpress.com  http://sexkittendeprogamming.tumblr.com   internationalinternetwatch@gmail.com http://sexslavessexkittens.blogspot.com http://katyperryexposedsexkitten.tumblr.com 
https://mkultramindcontrol.wordpress.com/home  https://mkultramindcontrol666.blogspot.com  http://www.katyperryexposedsexkitten.tumblr.com
jesuskatyperry@gmail.com katyperryspsychicpi@gmail.com 
HOPE IS GIVEN TO THE SLAVES:
222Hz Find your higher self for there you will tune into CHRISTS CONSCIOUSNESS BELIEVE IN JESUS HE IS NOT ONLY YOUR HOPE BUT YOUR SAVIOR: https://youtu.be/R3nAVFVwvUk In 2014 Jesus was born again Yehoshua HA~Mashiach and the first thing he did was open PANDORAS BOX with Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson ~ The Goddess ISIS ~ Mary of Bethany the Magdalena as PANDORA and the box was empty all that was left was HOPE all else was lost. Jesus Christs earth family motto was ‘dum spiro spero’ = ‘where there is breath there is hope’. HOPE was released into the Universe along with GODS (YHVH) LOVE and one day the story of recreation will be told but for now rest assured hope turned the Universe back on from its slumber of the 3rd dimension the Age of Pisces which had become old and stale and the peoples of Earth fell asleep. So now we have arrived at the Age of Aquarius in the 4th dimension where YHVH steered Earth into a new place in the Universe on our revolutions around the Universe where Earth had never been before with humans on it. Earth was travelling with no pilot on it and JESUS took the wheel. JESUS will speed things up into a 5th dimension and beyond so keep up and spread peace on Earth JESUS THE MESSIAH will stand no objectors to WORLD PEACE for JESUS CHRIST IS MUHAMMAD MAHOMET THE GAUTAMA BUDDHA therefore unite world the evil ones will be dealt with and the good will prevail.

MONARCH SLAVE:
A person who has different alternate personalities that they are unaware of. Clinically called Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID). These personalities can be triggered to come forward by their handler/owner. Each ‘alter persona’ has its place; for example, in women; the darling Mother alter that looks after her children (KATY PERRY IS KNOWN AS MOM TO HER VICTIMS, ‘FANS’) to the ‘Mother of Darkness’ alter who would be used in Satanic rituals (KATY PERRY MAKES HER VICTIMS MASTURBATE OVER HER NAKED BODY TO GIVE HER ENERGETIC STRENGTH). Alters can also be used for assassinations &amp; prostitution &amp; then programmed to forget what they have done. 
https://youtu.be/wHknzzJeK6Y 
Antichrist from Turkey. Obama lies impeach himI feel bad for the one guy who dimension-jumped into the Berenshitz universe. How roneryYes, i don't see how gay people fit an evolutionary purpose if not in times of decay. And even then it's other people purpose and not theirs, that's pretty much the definition of "useful idiot" if you take on the sociosexual dimension. I talk really gay there, not bi people who still want to have sons.

I personally know gay people, i have enough respect for them to plainly say i think it's retarded as a life long sexual strategy, and not even sure about the short term, i suppose that can vary with personal taste though.

It seems that we all can point out who the political useful idiots are, but when the same dynamic is applied to sex people can't stop wanking about "morals". They don't even realize they just become another puppet spouting pieces of the globalist shitstorm.

On the long run, any help you gave to LGT people will simply disappear from the face of earth and be redistributed by the state. 

By the way, if i had completely no respect for gays, i would not even write those messages, i'd simply let them make my sexual life easier and stfu about it. Too bad that just burns the world in the long run, but i guess i can't be overtly "bigot" forever. Some point down the road i'll just observe their lives as they waste it with a smile and a Martini, the offended guys need not worry about me. Hey, how can them be gay/gay supporters if they can't take a laugh at themselves anyway.
&gt; I believe anyone who has completely delved into spirituality comes to those conclusions.

I wouldn’t go that far because the conclusions aren’t really all that obvious, and they aren’t really talked about *that* much in spiritual books and literature.

&gt; Very nice post 10/10.

Thank you, sir.

&gt;  Now the question is, what are we meant to do?

Transcend…as much as possible, transcend.  Work, in other words, toward moving beyond both the evil *and* the good of this world.  See them both as limitations and as temporary.  Appreciate what you can, help who you can, but try not to be attached to too much of any of it.

&gt; What does the end of bible prophecy mean?

I don’t know what the end of the bible prophecy is.  What is it?

&gt; Are we going to be liberated and it's just a waiting game until then?

Na.  I certainly wouldn’t say that.  Seems existence and the universe - God or whatever you want to call it - is holographic.  As such, everything is everything.  You are me, I am you, we are all each other.  Everything is everything.

We just have to arrive at the direct, experiential understanding of this truth.  Not easy to do by far, but I think liberation comes via this channel more than through anything any one book might say.

&gt; I've read DMT reports, never done it myself though.

Good.  You shouldn’t.  I’d say stay far, far away from it.  It’s a limitation and a crutch - just like any external substance that is used to elicit any type of state.  The concentrated, disciplined, *sober* mind can achieve anything with enough practice and effort.  Any other means simply puts one more crutch, one more limitation, and one more impediment on one’s ability to arrive at the Truth.

&gt; There's also This

Existence is like a radio.  We happen to live on the radio station called “Earth in the third dimension”, but even within *this very space*, there are many other different “channels” so to speak, and if we have the ability to “flip” as it were from channel to channel, we would be able to witness many different beings existing in the very same space that we are in right now at this very moment…just existing on a different frequency, a different dimension, a different wavelength.

&gt; What is going to happen, when will it happen?

It’s happening now.  It’s already happening.  It’s *been* happening.

&gt; I hope tomorrow but I also recognize bible prophecy is coming true and it's very likely nothing will change until the messiah comes.

Once you tune in properly, you will realize that there *is* no messiah.  There is no messiah because *everything* is messianic and has the potential to be so.

The “messiah” is *you*.  Like we were referring to at the beginning of this thread, part of the point of The Hidden Hand information is to show you/us how to elevate our own abilities and frequencies so that we can see that the very truth we are searching for is, in fact, inside of us already.  We don’t need to be looking for it outside or in any “other” to bring it to us.You're whole reality is a projection stepped down from the the creator in the 9th dimension, through Saturn in the 8th dimension, to our consciousness which is locked in the 3rd dimension. 

To see this for yourself take a heroic dose of halucinagines on a cloudless night while Saturn is visible in the sky. Your entire reality will move and shift (including other planets and stars) but Saturn will stay stationary. 

There's a reason that our religious, judicial, and educational institutions are based around Saturn.

Also David icke is a hack trying to convince you of another lie. "Saturn Moon Matrix"&gt; So you believe aliens are actually earthlings from a different dimension

Well we know it would take IMMENSE energy to travel at near light speeds, we do not know what sort of cost inter-dimentional travel entails.    
  Dimension jumping may well be easier than space travel.You clearly do not have a proper understanding of what a dimension actually is. I suggest reading The Elegant Universe by Brian Greene. It should help clarify some things for you. Greene does a wonderful job breaking everything down so it's in words, not just complicated formulas. Implying the vampires from the 7th dimension aren't a threatI think it is the vehicle that can separate you from this dimension and keep you here through secretion of DMT or something similar, but I doubt it's the transciever.

Have a look at URL_REPLACED. Tell me what you think.&gt; Where I am from, Kennedy was killed in a completely different car. 

Whaaaaaat? 

So you're saying you're from a different dimension? 

Surely, you can see why a person would think you have NO credibility after saying something like that. You're a kook.

I asked why someone would want to ask you **important** questions, not any questions whatsoever. Please attempt to read better. Fact is, you're nobody of consequence. You don't have any great wisdom or insight. You're just a random dude with delusions of grandeur. No deeper understanding can come from you. You don't know anything that I don't know.I haven't even gone down that path yet.  Right now in my journey I'm still trying to parse out what is real and what is a construct forced upon me. I was watching a video about pulling energy for the vaccuum. Long story short the guy claimed we can pull energy from the 4th dimension as it flows like a river all around us. It wasn't based in spirituality. He was simply saying "look, how we view and perceive our world is wonky, the answers are all around us if we break free of what we think we understand"....That's pretty much where I am at right nowold guy in car saying "they can't prove fusion is going on in the sun... it's only the flares... the microwaves or whatever." So, our scientific theories about the sun are about as credible as a theory of a creator: can't be proven or disproven. He then says it's a transformer(?) to another dimension, as though he can prove that. Curious, why do you think a chemical release means that consciousness is transported to an alternate dimension?It gives a brief summary of dimensions and links to the sources of the information on these dimensions.

Apparently it goes up to 12 as far as we can tell, 12th dimension and up encompass all of creation Thank you for replying. I have purchased a couple books from Edgar Cayce and David Wilcock, but have yet to read them. Synchronicity was/is a big part of my awakening. I can only process so much knowledge at once though, and time seems to be an issue! I have a base in Christianity, not in the religious sense but more in the spiritual experience. Based mainly on the words of Jesus, who showed people how to love unconditionally and 'ascend' to another dimension. When I realized that with the Council of Nicea the Roman Catholic Church hijacked Christianity and chose what to put in the Bible and what not to, that was big eye opener. Especially, leaving out the Book of Enoch. Qumran, the discovery of the dead sea scrolls is very significant. I think the Catholic Church has a central part in a lot of what is happening right now: the great whore of Babylon.

I will check out the others you recommend. Thanks much!!People in obe etc. are seeing different areas of the Astral Dimension. Humans created the Simulation long ago as sort an amusement park in which the system would project the images of an outward reality for them. Humans are incredibly lazy intellectually and eventually forgot who and what they were, They began to believe the images around them were "real". This form of belief in cause and effect and matter as "solid" very quickly created thought patterns that accepted injury, illness, poverty and death.Honest question: any of you know the dimension or has seen some plan online for that building?It is all a sort of illusion, but that doesn't mean that nothing is real. And yes, sphere. But the three dimensional sphere is the result of the collapse by conscious observation a higher dimensional toroidal configuration. If you collapse that sphere to a lower dimension, you get a circular, flat cross-section. And I never said anything about "they." For all I know, God is simulating this whole playground. ;)No, the Mandella effect is a result of reality shifting between dimensions where different things have happened on different timelines and our brains don't completely shift with it. In the other dimension, the bears were named Berenstein and Mandela died a long time ago. &gt; The weirdest clouds I've seen were like this but with crosshatches...in other words, lines in both ways, making a kind of devils triangles pattern. That reeks of atmospheric cymatics in the electromagnetic ionization dimension

Yep, something reeks.Thanks for sharing! I definitely think you witnessed or perhaps entered a stage in a different dimension when seeing this. Sometimes we enter different dimensions unknowingly. Think glitches in the matrix, deja vu, etc etc. I have a few stories albeit not like yours in seeing crafts, but actual beings and interacting with them (not intentionally though). If your interested, I'm trying to find where I wrote out my experiences. But, cannot remember the thread over in /r/C_S_T, it's not in my comment history, was too long ago. Will edit or PM you or if someone here could help a bro out and remembers.

Edit: found it! https://www.reddit.com/r/C_S_T/comments/4fkz1w/thought_exercise_nonhuman_entities_xpost/d29szbyWhat if we are in the 5th dimension right now my friend?He may not be but I know people are saying since 9/11 is depicted in back to the future there is a second date that is 10/4. From my occult research I would say it would be that number because it's also from the movie and has not come up yet.

Also the military and others use "10/4 over and out" which does not seem to have an origin other than it was invented. Occult knowledge leads me to believe they are leaving hints. The bible also leads me to believe. I believe 2012 is when the fake reality began. I am not sure if I am also a victim to the false reality or if this is all there is. Cern is going to open portals and apparently judging from my research they have been able to pull demons to our dimension from other dimensions. Physical form demons not just the alien entities that currently exist here. It is speculation but judging from how much deception is currently on going I would assume something massive with the deception and Aliens is coming very soon. Due to the plants in all big industry form the intelligence community, it's silly to think of it as is 'google' or 'apple'. 

they all work together as an apparatus that itself is skynet. the internet of things, the cloud, surveillance, advanced forecasting creates something where the aggregate intelligence of this apparatus is far greater than any individual. 

if it's all interconnected, and entire outcomes can be changed through manipulating the configuration of electrons on a storage medium, then what's to say some higher dimension force/intelligence couldn't have an impact on manipulating the outcomes of quantum events which could in turn generate false intel/forecasting, expose vulnerabilities, empower those who can interact or work with the higher dimensional forces.&gt; From what I understand literally everything gives off it's own frequency. Have you found that to be true?

Yes

&gt;could we use 'frequency medicine' to wake up to our 'true potential' and combat the frequencies of the cabal? Do they even have a real name?

Yes.

Also, let's say for argument sake their are two types of cabal.  
1. Those high up in the system itself regardless if they know or not, working for it, allowing it to destroy more lives.

2. The 2nd type is those who have the spirit of the cabal internally, these would be for example your neighbors etc.  

How do you know?  In their conversation's, are they literally just repeating what you hear on tv/radio?  Or do they actually have a thought form that is their own?  Next, when they speak, is their language against humanity or for it?

&gt;Have you heard much about inner earth? I've understood it as not necessarily existing in this dimension but at a higher frequency, have you found there to be any truth to this or more disinfo?

Yes, I've heard of it.  Their are many caverns inside the earth where people live.  Please read my first post that I did a few days ago.Lord have mercy father help us all. Something does need to be done about this, I've seen this post 3 times now. I think the mods should ban you. Leave. Post something good, you are posting nothing, it comes from like the second dimension of thinking. People here are trying to reach new heights not get drawn in by egotistical bullshit. &gt; By vibration I mean your living being vibration.

I don't understand what this is. At what scale does my "living being vibration" vibrate at? Nanometers?

&gt; All matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration. That's what reality is, and that's what everything is made of.

This sounds like a Bill Hicks quote. He's not a scientist. He's a comedian. I also think that reality is a bit more complicated than just slowly vibrating matter.


&gt; If you look under a powerful microscope, at any physical object, you will observe the atoms "vibrating" at a certain wave length.

You must mean temperature. Kinetic energy... energy expressed as the relative velocity of a mass. Atoms don't "vibrate" by themselves. They are constantly colliding with other atoms. That's called Brownian motion. I guess a vibration could propagate through a solid, but that would be from an external force.

&gt; Nothing is truly "solid" or "stationary" everything has a vibration.

Yes, because no particle can reach 0 K temperature, absolute zero.

&gt;Let me try to provide an example.

Ok, please do. I'm genuinely interested.

&gt; We live in a third dimensional reality and our minds are tuned (think of us as radios) to the third dimension.

What? How? What thing in our brains enables us to do this? The pineal gland? DMT synthesis? Evidence, please.

&gt; Everything in this world is in the third density or third dimension because that's the WAVE LENGTH that the atoms/molecules are VIBRATING at.

Atoms are not vibrating at a specific wavelength. Just, no. You're getting confused with String *THEORY*.

&gt; So when I say our vibration is raising, I mean that we are entering the 4th dimension and rising up out of the third.

Is there breathable oxygen in the fourth dimension? Should we wear inter dimensional spacesuits? Are aliens waiting for us there, ready to calm us down with orange slices and some fetal spooning?

&gt; It sounds like a lot of hoopla and science but that's the science way to describe it.

None of this is science. It is pseudoscience. It's entertaining to think about, but it provides no results and is ultimately a waste of time.
I'm not advocating circumcision, just trying to add some dimension/information to the discussion. For most men (especially in the first world) circumcision probably isn't the best choice, but that doesn't mean it can never be beneficial in any circumstance either.  Honestly, I was very much a believer of God vs. Satan as well until very recently. It only takes one read of Genesis to begin to go, "This is God? This selfish, hypocritical guy is God?" The true evil in my understanding are forces in another dimension called the Archons. I would explain but I would not do it justice. If you are interested, go on yt and watch David Icke's speech called the History of the Archons. It is two parts but if you watch, you will be blown away. Also, it is amazing the things Icke has figured out that they do not want anyone to know about. The sickos don't have to do any research, they just get spoon fed piece by piece as they rise up through the ranks. God is hard to explain, it seems clear to me God exists but not in the way Christianity would describe him as a "jealous God" and a God that is physically walking through a garden.If one can cross into another "dimension", it isn't a stretch to think that they can choose their destination vector, in said "dimension".I have a hard time grasping it as well or atleast mentally picturing it which is kind of expected.

The fourth dimension is time, and apparently fifth dimension is beyond time.

This is what's different between the dimensions as well.

Everything that has happened, will happen, or can happen, has already happened. But because we live in third dimensional reality we move a lot slower because we have "time"


I do believe a lot of ancients live within the 5th dimension.

Also think of it this way. In front of us is the third dimension.

But around that space is other dimensions within it. 

This gets confusing and I have a hard time making sense of it sometimes but it is a facsinating subject nonetheless Higher dimensions are closer to God, or source. Lower dimensions are further away from God, or light, source, creation etc.

The higher the dimension a soul lives on, the more pure, light, and in tune it is with God source it is.

Mother Gaia (the soul of earth) is naturally a fifth dimension entity and is how we have normally lived as a species.

We have been dragged down to the third dimension and have lived within that frequency or reality for a long time.

Pole shifts are really another name for Ascension. Anyway this is how I understand it. Here's some links


http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/ciencia/ciencia_dimensionshyperdimensions02.htm


http://in5d.com/what-does-it-really-mean-to-ascend-to-the-fifth-dimension/&gt; Getting in touch with your deities


Who says that these "things" DMT users see are actually deities???? Why are things we don't understand so often attributed as such?


Note that I'm a huge anti-fluoride person if you'll see my post history - so I'm with you - just not so sure about anything in another dimension being my God.No way, the actual problem here is that this guy seems to be from a dimension where pizza isn't fucking delicious and beloved by all That's not the danger. The danger comes from your own choices. A ton of shit just don't matter. You could make a series of choices that ultimately lead you to a parallel dimension filled with ass raping demons. 

Things are going to get plain ass weird but no less dangerous. Being the smartest means jack shit. Smart things die all the time. It is about filling your time. AI needs us as much as we need itFrom Cameron Days material; I once had a dream where I was about to incarnate into this 3rd dimensional reality. I was placed in an elevator-like room, which represented the descending process to earth.  I remember being in this place many times beforehand but could not remember what I was supposed to do next.  I was on the top floor (the 14th floor which meant the 14th dimension?).  My memory was so badly erased that I couldn’t remember how to descend to Earth.  This is a test we receive on the other side to see if any memories were remembered and if so, then you would have to go back and have them cleared again.&gt; You people

Who are *these people?* Do you think you don't exist and are living in a different dimension?Agreed - just want to make one adjustment. 

I wouldn't say we're moving into another dimension. It's easy to confuse our three dimensions with 4D and 5D, but should be clear, 4th **density** and 5th etc. (As per Law of One.)

Our scientists say our math points to 11 dimensions, but I'd venture to say they are working in a very limited paradigm. There are thousands if not infinite parallel world's.  This is how and why time is an illusion to us.I think Quantum mechanics is one area that has already shown this to be a reality. This video is an example of what is happening on the quantum level. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIyTZDHuarQ

We have only just began to really understand how frequencies at the quantum level can change reality. 

Do some research on the Holographic Universe and all that good stuff. But if you dig further, you'll eventually discover that the quantum particles have no end in size. Meaning that size is infinite in both directions of scale. Just as Space is infinite, so is scaling downward past the quantum level. It just goes and goes... Tremendous when you think about that. 

*Edit: Sorry, I just realized that I didn't directly answer your question. Schizophrenics are probably stimulating their pineal gland in some extreme way. It's like how DMT allows your mind (Pineal Gland) to see a different frequency/dimension that your normal tuned reality cannot see. I have seen this low poly dimension you have talked about on dmt and shrooms also. It is so weird to have someone articulate that. No, not personally. I've spent many years studying the phenomena though. I don't doubt their existence but, I often wonder whether they originate on other planets or exist in a parallel dimension. Maybe even a little of both...who knows?
Did you experience any strange or "weird" feelings, loss of time during, or nightmares after, this sighting?The Archons are Parasitic Demonic Aliens originally from the Lower Fourth Dimension, which is a horrendous place of nightmares. They have the ability to exist in the Middle Astral, but to continue doing so must vibrate with extreme fear, hatred, violence and perversion. This is done by enslaving humanity and feeding off of their emotional output.The Trump administration has already started poking/threatening Iran. I suspected the inclusion of Iran in the new exclusionary immigration orders was in preparation for further acts of symbolic and potentially eventually “kinetic” aggression against it. So I will reiterate what I said previously: “I am concerned that Trump in his immigrant entry prohibitions is evincing sadism tout court and/or an act in preparation for war (you do not do what Trump is presently doing without giving the least prior notice unless you are making a declaration of open and direct hostilities and/or are engaging in the most denuded of demagogies). Trump has since the primaries evinced extremely strong sadistic tendencies; this is likely a personal preference and appetite on his part, but it also functions as a demagogic whetting or instruction in psycho-political sadism (inherent in oligarchic fascism), i.e. in the promotion, legitimization, intensification, and popularization of tendencies equivalent to sadism and Sadean personality traits in preparation for an initiation of open hostilities (though, at least initially, short of outright war) against significant nations and economic blocs of the world (Mexico, Middle East, China, EU) and against important, yet ostensibly foreign-like, demographic sectors within the U.S.: African Americans, Latinos, Muslims, Native Americans, even the “unreliable” majority of women concerned with equitable reproductive health access, etc.
Nationally, the logic of such a “political sadism” would be in perfect complementarity with the international version: generalize the most divisive ethos short of actual militarized (dictatorially oppressive) action through full spectrum utilization of media in the service of an oligarchy that feels itself receding from relative and absolute power in a world ever more immersed in freely globalized trade (to reiterate, to the relative detriment of American hegemonic political and economic power). Trump, standard bearer for an oligarchy opportunistically directly stepping “forward to the plate,” promises millions of industrial sector jobs in a newly, if principally industrially, autarkic U.S. Maybe he will deliver in the mid to long term on this promise, in the immediate to short term his “achievements” will be essentially denagatory , denialist, negative, censorious: civic/humanitarian prohibitions, restrictions, dis-protections in the name of greater national security and policial exigencies; per oligarchic rationalizing protocol, best that the populace become ever more inured and desensitized to such civic and societal (oligarchically optative) harshness by being imbued in the “modelic” sadism of a personally autarkic-hyper-capitalist cult leader figure (the effective opposite of Clinton’s “Stronger Together”): a sort of antipodal dimension Chairmen Mao of capitalist autarky (whose vision is to export, impose, and disseminate the same discoherent ideology throughout the world and have the U.S. be the isolationist leader of an isolationized world).”

At this point I believe the probability of significant military action against Iran in the next four years is greater than 50%. If the Iranian regime is significantly destabilized/outright destroyed this will constitute in itself, regardless of whether regional chaos ensues as a consequence or not, an imperialist act in the fullest sense of the term, i.e. an act of imperialist “exemplary” aggression against the entire world, in other words, a show of putting the entire world “on notice” (to quote Michael Flynn), that America’s reach (i.e. intent) is now fully militarily totalitarian vis a vis the freedom of the world. An example of such a totalitarian aggression, is the entirely predictable/almost plannable destabilizing effect it would have on the European Union. Undoubtedly Cuba will also be on the regime’s sights (for a “regime” it will be if it engages in such unqualifiedly aggressive hostilities).

The divisive opposition of the category “immigrants” and “working class whites” is entirely in accord with the present stage of the Trump administration: the “tyranny of appearances”/”despotism of forms.” Trump is himself evidently tyrannized by this superficiality of concerns, condition which is in turn mirrored or mimetized in the sadistic superficiality (equatable to an intoxicative oblivion) he seeks to inculcate or awaken in his most fervent followers and expanding from there throughout the wider society. This tyranny of appearances/despotism of forms seems to account for the exceedingly notable lack of minorities and women in the upper echelons of his administration: Trump either lacks the substance (the self-confidence) to confuse his most nativist followers’ expectations by forming a more diverse cabinet and team (reflective of both the forms and substance of American society as a whole) or his own personal superficial prejudices are directly informing his decision in this respect (let us recall his pettiness and callousness of his attacks against the physical appearances of Cruz’s wife and Carly Fiorina, among others, during the primary). This surface tyranny already plainly evident in the demographic restrictiveness of the highest and most visible parts of his administration seems quite correlative and reflective of his political decisions so far, the two are inextricable and reciprocal. This surface tyranny may eventually be seen as a foretaste of future unprecedented despotisms of substance, or it may simply be revealed to be an unintentional unmasking and revelation of the “surface level” reality previously covering the already existing despotisms of substance inherent and inextricable from the hidden imperial governing apparatus itself.Ya its always been more of an esoteric/abduction/third eye matrix type of place. Wealth of information on psychedlics/trip controls - the people there have smoked some shit and seen some things. I used to laugh at those "crazies" talk about their demonic summonings, 4th dimension elf stories, and kaleidoscope sea creatures. Then I grew up and tried their drugs and realized I really dont know shit.Thanks again for your response! 

From what I understand literally *everything* gives off it's own frequency. Have you found that to be true?  And if so, along with this true human awakening naturally occurring food you've wrote about, could we use 'frequency medicine' to wake up to our 'true potential' and combat the frequencies of the cabal? Do *they* even have a real name?  

Have you heard much about inner earth? I've understood it as not necessarily existing in this dimension but at a higher frequency, have you found there to be any truth to this or more disinfo?  

Are *all* planets hollow? Here's a wild guess. These people might be like the portals to the evil beings in another dimension since the condition they have affects their pineal gland which is considered the 3rd eye.

They might think these people can communicate with the demonic entities through their special pineal gland.

It could also be the other way around and that demonic souls can use these people as a gateway, almost hijacking a persons body by infiltrating their mind via the pineal gland. ( maybe i have to smoke a little less )One 6 is missing for a perfect **4th dimensional 6666 matrix**.  
So where is it coming from? Hint: it's mentioned in text and it's a paradox. 

**Talk of the Obamessiah and Last Trumpentce and DIMENSION FOUR:**  
What is about to become part of the "most bombastic news ever" - All exposed only by Last Prophet - **two or rather FOUR examples**:  
Apr 2016 - Melania v Michelle: transgender ends differently from transvestite: Obama trumped twice  
http://parallel-and-reversed.blogspot.com/2016/04/melania-v-michelle-transgender-ends.html  
In Reddit  
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/5epgly/melania_v_michelle_transgender_ends_differently/So, in physical form, I think we're are here to mine the resources off planet earth. [This youtube video] (https://youtu.be/pe6DN1OoxjE) is my personal favorite thing that I have learned about on this sub. It explains our origin. It's just a great watch to me. 

I think there may be an after life, like another dimension. I think there's aliens 👽. I don't think our souls are harvested by the elite. I think it's possible they are harvested or reused by other things. Maybe reptile 🦎 aliens.I only say that because at one point earth naturally was in the fifth dimension/density. I've researched into it and it appears mother Gaia (earth) is indeed going into the fifth dimension but before doing so she is purging herself.

I agree though with what you say. I need to research more into the dimension of earth as I still need more research and information on the subject.

Thanks for the reply friend. I enjoy seeing your name around here, as others.Okay I understand what your saying. But are you suggesting that, because this information isn't believable by the more atheistic-oriented societies, that we then shouldn't explore what we have found out? If you have researched MKULTRA at all, then you would know that the experiments and trauma-based mind control methods are - not only extremely sadistic, but are based in occult activities and pagan rituals. It was also developed directly from Nazi Germany's concentration camp experiments. The experiences spoken of by Cathy, not only directly tie in with all we know about the experiments through released documents. This information isn't for CNN, it's what us researchers have discovered. This is technically for our eyes only. Things will fall into place, when our governments are exposed for what they really are, the satanic dimension to it all will be more comprehendible. Savile was the beginning.But Lucid dreaming, meditation etc is not anything new nor evil. These types of thing just shows there are more than this plain 3d dimension of 9-5 average job for the rest of your life. Kinda opens up a couple of doors.



IDK I don't think of them as isolated. I think most of them are connected. That there's a truer self / potential we all individually have and we can access it by going through painstaking tasks / challenges and eventually awaken our deep inner will and cause monumental changes on the world around us, going from an actor to a writer in this play. And that this information is hidden and we are constantly barraged with and endless amount of distraction so that we collectively tap into a fabricated sense of reality that is "out there" and causes most of us to lose any hope of touching our deeper inner worlds. And then basically every conspiracy can be categorized as being due to a push back / pull from this knowledge being further hidden / corrupted or unearthed. Aliens are actually demi-gods that exist on another dimension that we can access internally, but they simultaneously are the various archetypes that live inside of our minds / our myths / our histories. They might be more real than us, in a way, being that they are eternally reproduced from collective culture / individual awareness over and over and ride on the waves of humanity. IDK.hence, my latest favorite thing to say:

***It's ALLLL true.***  

- Aliens?  /true

- Pissgate /true

- URL_REPLACED /true

- vaccines kill /true

- clinton murders /true

- faked moon landings /true

- rotchchilds are worth trillions  /true

- nukes at ground zero on 9/11  /true

- zero-point &amp; other forms of "free" energy /true

- flat earth /true -- well, maybe not in ***OUR*** dimension ;) ...but sure... in some dimension to which we have access, the earth is 2D.

(Seriously.  All of it.  It's all true, and more.)

The weirdest clouds I've seen were like this but with crosshatches...in other words, lines in both ways, making a kind of devils triangles pattern.  That reeks of atmospheric cymatics in the electromagnetic ionization dimensionYou are right on the money.  I'm a Pleiadian in disguise as a human. Very long story. We, as well as Mother Earth are currently shedding our 3D matrix and ascending to our 5th dimension.  We were sent here to help bring Light to Earth for this specific purpose.  We have nothing to worry about as long as we continue to love each other, pay as little attention to the negativity, and clear our karma.  Oh there are over 2.5 million motherships hovering over us ready to evacuate if necessary.  Things are going to get better.  Trust and believe this.  All of this has been in the plan.  Our entire government is about to collapse and NESARA will be enacted.  We're evolving back to our 12 strand DNA.  Get ready for a wild ride.Waaat the fucckkk. Did we just pass through to another dimension. Also no one is going to be held accountable for snuffing internet dissent?? this is crazy the Liberals are crying in their wet cereal and the people who colluded against the progressives are slinking back into the wallpaperi recently saw a thing about a half dome earth... also was thinking that gravity could be energetically/electrically derived... i dunno, a lot of things are possible really. I just heard a radio announcement about Christopher Lloyd doingnsome shit, and it reminded me that I come from a dimension where he died and it was Berestein.Well first of all most people don't know how to hunt, or skin an animal for that matter; and even more people wouldn't have the stomach for it. For me it's a spiritual path; I DONT want to consume animal flesh anymore. They are thinking, feeling beings. 

Plants can also be described this way, but on a lesser dimension of existence; and if you properly THANK your food; it will nourish you and you will free from the karma of eating it. 

That's where I'm coming from.It's people like him that makes me think it's possible Demon's exist.  Not biblical but living things from another dimension who feed off negative energy and influence those with no good inside them. Like Mayor 9/11.Ghosts are definitely a possibility. Maybe souls transitioning to another dimension?&gt;Word is going around to call it pedogate.  "Pizzagate" was itself a (successful) hostile rebrand from the earlier name of "Operation Bearenstein". 

I'm from the Bearenstain dimension,  where we purged our society of pedophiles in 2005.Because they are not physically in this dimension.The forces of light and darkness are loosely used.there were what we would call entities using "dark"  magic (which certain elite have continued to practice to this day) they were master geneticists and manipulated the DNA of our ancestors In incredibly nefarious ways, they  performed gruesome experiments creating animal human hybrids (hello hieroglyphs) and made us easier to control and indoctrinate. The majority of us completely forgot about our intimate connection to love and the collective consciousness of all beings. Which sent us down the path of lower consciousness, disconnected from love, a lower dimension consisting of separation and suffering. The Atlantean society was a post scarcity society and they were incredibly spiritual and understood their connection to all other beings, they emanated light and love. Much of their technology was based on crystals and vibrations, a MASSIVE  crystal Edgar Cayce dubbed the "firestone"  was their main source of power and I believe  ended up being the catalyst for the final explosion. As far as the forces of light are concerned, I'd refer to any entities that were fighting the souls using dark magic as forces of light, there was much fighting between the two groups and it was the beginning of the descent. That's my take on it at least.  The site is hilarious.  
&gt;The Pleiadians just transmitted seven new messages for earth’s inhabitants that convey a grand and glorious hope about the future. These messages have been sent both as written words and music so they can be understood at all levels of comprehension.

Pleiadian Pulse to Earth Dimension 2 minute Sample  
**Buy the full 8 minute song at Amazon**

Got a whooole bunch of songs for sale I see. Then at the bottom of the website it says:

&gt;All messages shared on this website were channeled from the Pleiadians by Lia Shapiro. Most of this information has been reproduced from the book Comes The Awakening: Realizing The Divine Nature of Who You Are.

The book mentioned was written by none other than Lia Shapiro herself. Spewing new age crap to sell music, books and t-shirts neat. Unstable portal.  Not to a hollow earth... but to a new dimension.


And aliens.I like this question a lot. What if you control it? Or me? Or all of us together. I try hard to remove myself from the skin and bones.  We all know we are more than skin and bones. There is something inside us all that represents us...I'll call it a soul,  you can call it whatever you'd like.  Point being is our soul bound to our skin and bones (our mind) or are we free to explore everything? Can our soul move through the 4th dimension? Have other souls already accomplished this? Or are we literally skin and bones and our soul was just a bunch of chemicals...
So many thoughts that come with your questionYou think in one dimension.


If you think Americas enemy will just stand by and not join the party once the "purge" happen. Never waste a good opportunity like that.These people are Satanic. It is a fact. A group comprised of World Leaders and the Wealthy Elite. The entire group worships and answers to the ARCHONS. The Archons are Demonic Entities located in the Astral Dimension and communicate with the Elite through their insane rituals..There are some who believe that cern may be opening a portal to another dimension or universe,  and that this is the "abyss" or "bottomless pit" spoken of in the biblical book of Revelation. Im watching this kind of stuff with great interest.I actually JUST thought of another item: The shit, man.  What's eight people gonna do about THAT MUCH animal waste for a whole year if the only way they're gonna fit that many animals onto the ark, given its dimensions in the Bible, is if it was magical or a TARDIS?

In case you don't recognize the term, TARDIS stands for "Time And Relative Dimensions In Space."  It's a type of ship in the popular British sci-fi series "Doctor Who" that can travel through space and time.  It's literally bigger on the inside, too, but that's because it's basically an alternate dimension.&gt; Is it the illuminati?

The Illuminati are a defunct fraternity from the late 18th century that had some philosophical influence (esp. in France, if you agree with some views) in the early 19th century. Other than that, they've been irrelevant outside of science fiction (e.g. The Illuminatus! Trilogy) and conspiracy theory for the better part of two centuries.

&gt; Skull n bones?

A rich kids college frat, with initiation based on exposes of Masonic and other related fraternities. While rich kids are certainly a source of conspiracy in the modern world, S&amp;B probably isn't more interesting than any other rich kids frat.

&gt; Bohemian grove?

I've honestly never understood this one. It's essentially a rich and powerful version of a fandom con. It's not even initiatory as far as I've read, and has no ties that anyone has ever demonstrated to anything else. Again, if you think the rich and powerful tend to get up to no good, then you're paying attention, but BG doesn't seem particularly interesting in this respect when compared to anything else.

&gt; Jewish elite?

Mostly the same as every other cultural slice of the global elite. The only difference is that Jews tend to have more sense of cultural and ethnic identity than most such groups. But do I think that Jews are more prone to conspiracy than, say, Hindus or Christians? Nope. We're all pretty good at being pretty bad in small groups.

... skipping ones I know little about ...

&gt; Freemasons?

The internal structure of Freemasonry makes any large-scale conspiracy impossible. Individual Freemasons, sure, but bad actors can have FAR more influence outside the Fraternity than inside. This is because there's no one central administration of Freemasonry, and jurisdictions are fiercely autonomous.

Note: full disclosure, I'm a Freemason.

... skipping more I don't know enough about ...

&gt; CIA?

They've explicitly toppled governments, assassinated leaders and lead the US into war on false pretenses. I hesitate to call it "conspiracy" so much as, their publicly acknowledged job. :-(

&gt; Enlightenment thinkers?

Oh, we're definitely running everything, and we're doing a terrible job of it. :-)

Basically, everyone is an enlightenment thinker at this point. Most of the ideas  that were radical during the Enlightenment (like religious toleration and the value of rigorous experimentation) are now a common part of modern culture.

&gt; Occult/esoteric study-ers?

This requires some understanding. "Occult" and "esoteric" merely refer to knowledge which is hidden behind some sort of initiation, whether it be self-study, social initiation or a formal ritual of initiation such as in fraternities. So everyone from the Lions to the local sports team are "esoteric" and "occult" in one sense.

But I assume you specifically mean in the sense of wanting to learn about the nature of reality and how to affect it (e.g. "magic"). Generally, I find that people who are interested in such topics tend to find less and less in the world of power-politics and finance interesting, so most conspiracies aren't actually of interest to the vast majority of people studying such topics.

&gt; Mossad?

See CIA, above, they just have a smaller budget.

&gt; Bolsheviks? Communists? Crony capitalists?

These are mostly arbitrary self-divisions. All political and finacial special interests will have their own conspiracies. That's the nature of that particular corner of the human psyche, I'm afraid.

&gt; Reptilian? 4th dimension brings? Aliens? Do these groups overlap?

Yes, all three of those are based  on delusion.
I´m afraid that you may be right but true power does not lie within the white house or any other elected official that is going down. 

The true power is in the underground cities and bases. There are no elections for them with absolutely no oversight of whats being done there. Just a handful of people that kept technological and scientific progress to themselves know whats up. 

The thing is, these people would rather kill us then set us free. So for their puppets to be losing power on the surface is not that big of a deal. The next false flag is just around the corner and it probably wont be like anything else we have ever seen. Independence day will seem like a documentary. 

How many people can discern a man made ufo from a real entity from another galaxy or dimension? 

I prefer the term "Rothschild Zionist" used by David Icke and others.  There are lots of Jews in Isreal right now protesting URL_REPLACED more than other cultures but they're not evil or by any means "all bad." So yes; Yehudi refuted.

But I will say that going to an all Hasidim Jew community like in New Jersey or Monsey NY can be like going into the Twilight Zone.  Everyone wears all black Amish-looking clothes and pushes baby carriages full of cans and shit.  The look like actual vampires.  They have alternate dimension versions of things like "Cricket" instead of "Stop &amp; Shop" and it's all kosher food.  They do very much invite a sense of the "Other".  i ave never heard of this 'mandela' - in my dimension he was called morgan freeman...we have the freeman effect

where everyone is a free man and not gullible to idiot psyops by neo-christian god bods
references extraterrestrial intelligence from another universe/dimension overlapping ours.

Sounds like the type of entities you would encounter on a drug trip.Bugged the fuck out after the words "credible" and "from another dimension".  I'm Henry VIII.Guy. Clearly he has a quarter sized singularity that he uses to freeze time relative to our dimension. 

DUH!The number 3 is intrinsically related to the fibonacci process (ie. old + now = new) and the various other names for this design (Hegelian Dialectic, the Trinity, the Decorator Pattern).  The process itself has 3 distinct elements.  The idea of this process is that you're wrapping something up.   This Decorator Pattern is phi-y.  Wrapping something up is phi-y.  Do you follow?  

So a wrapping/spiraling design that has 3 points on it is a sort of ironic/multidimensional design, with each dimension reflecting some aspect of 3 (ie. triangles, pyramids, etc).

This symbol is an "obvious derivation", is all I'm saying.  I realize that there are some people who pick and choose what they want to believe and practice in any religion.  Some Catholics don't follow the commandments or read the Bible but they show up at church and let everyone know about it.  They sometimes even think Jesus is not real and that it's all symbolism like I once did. Some people like to dabble and do some light satanism like some do light Christianing. Oprah helped paved the way for people to think of religion as art.  Something you create for yourself according to your tastes.  I'm not talking about the "satanists" who don't believe Satan is real but just want to have orgies and not feel guilty about it.  I'm talking about real satanists.  The kind that worship by sacrificing and raping children or animals.  The ones that conjure demons and know Satan is real.  They know Jesus is, too, but they committed the mortal sin of rejecting Christ. 

I don't mind Goth kids and Harry Potter fans playing with oiuji boards either.  But that can open a gateway and the dabbling in witchcraft or drugs or even just trying to communicate with the other side can lead to possession. So I think their intentions aren't necessarily bad but the outcome can be.      

If you suspend disbelief for a moment just to entertain an idea, and you looked at it from the point of view of Jesus and Satan being real then what Joe Rogan is up to becomes more clear.  He's doing what oprah did but oprah can't take us to the next level past yoga and meditation.  You need a Joe Rogan to reveal the stuff that's more blatantly going to open gateways. He's relegated to podcasts which makes him seem more legit in that he's able to speak freely since there's less money and exposure. Kids won't run into his show by accident. Oprah is the pot and Rogan is the LSD if we looked at things in a quantitative way.      

Oprah opens the door and joe escorts you through the gateway to the fourth dimension where demons can more easily attach to you. She confuses you about what is real or right.  Just enough to be open to what Rogan is going to lead you to next.  But joe Rogan is really catering to the younger crowd. They are just branded according to the demographic they want to seduce.  That's just a possiblility. I feel strongly about it but Im well aware I could be wrong. I really liked the guy until I figured out what he is about.  Now I listen with an open mind that he might be sincere or he might be fucking donkeys regularly in front of an audience of mind controlled celebrity slaves at satanic gaylas.


I also think Scientology is satanism rebranded.  They remove random low level demons from people and install the ones that they have contracts with that help them in the entertainment industry.  Demons have specialties. So they kick out the depression demon and install the "make me sing like Adele" demon for instance. Paid witchcraft services. The 666 and devil horn hand gestures help them sing better because it strengthens the ability of the demon to take control. But they have to make human sacrifices to get those demons to cooperate.  So maybe that's why people disappear. They had the power to bully the IRS into letting them be exempt from paying taxes.  I guess satanism can get more powerful when you have a network of satanists coordinating together like Scientology or illuminati.  Illuminati is really just satanism.  But perhaps it's one particular secret group of satanists that are more powerful than the rest or who work with or create public brands of satanism.  The billion year contract makes sense since you have to knowingly sell your soul to Satan.  And your soul exists for eternity.

All that isn't necessary to know the details of.  You just have to look out for the symbolism and agendas that are clearly satanic.

TL;dr:  like oprah, joe is using the new age guru angle to promote satanism.  He pretends it's just curiosity and mind expansion but it opens gateways to possession. They both are just trying to lead people away from Jesus' protection from Satan.That's very interesting

Is there any consensus for when the "end" of this cycle started? Or is it more of a slow build up to the end that could have started decades or centuries ago? (Apologies if this information is in the link posted above! I can't check it out until a bit later.)

I don't know much of anything about these cycles (yet), but it seems like as good a reason as any (if it's true) why fairly recently my family and I, along with many people on reddit, have felt like we somehow entered some kind of backwards alternate reality or merged with a weird parallel dimension. Nothing seems quite "right".

It really is a strange sensation and a bit unsettling. Not a day has passed in the past 5-6 months without me thinking "What the fuck is going on??" and worrying that at the very *least*, tens of millions of people (maybe including me, who knows), have either gone absolutely insane all at the same time, or they're all being mind controlled by someone or something.

I'm sure things started getting stranger than normal earlier than that, but for me and the people I know, it only started to seem very "in your face" recently. Tesla was aided by beings part of the Confederation of Planets. Presumably some of these were 6th density beings and thus "not of this dimension". 

Quoting Ra from channelings done by L/L research group back in the early 80s (note this was a question and answer format. URL_REPLACED:

11.25 **Questioner**: *Then I assume you can’t name him and would ask you where Nikola Tesla got his information?*

**Ra**: *I am Ra. The one known as Nikola received information from Confederation sources desirous of aiding this extremely, shall we say, angelically positive entity in bettering the existence of its fellow mind/body/spirit complexes. It is unfortunate, shall we say, that like many Wanderers the vibratory distortions of third-density illusion caused this entity to become extremely distorted in its perceptions of its fellow mind/body/spirit complexes so that its mission was hindered and in the result, perverted from its purposes.*

11.26 **Questioner**: *How was Tesla’s work supposed to benefit man on Earth, and what were its purposes?*

**Ra**: *I am Ra. The most desired purpose of the mind/body/spirit complex, Nikola, was the freeing of all planetary entities from darkness. Thus, it attempted to give to the planet the infinite energy of the planetary sphere for use in lighting and power.*

11.27 **Questioner**: *By freeing the planetary entities from darkness, precisely what do you mean?*

**Ra**: *I am Ra. [Most of the following answer was lost due to tape recorder malfunction. The core of the response was as follows.] We spoke of freeing people from darkness in a literal sense.*

11.28 **Questioner**: *Would this freeing from darkness be commensurate with the Law of One or does this have any real product?*

**Ra**: *I am Ra. The product of such a freeing would create two experiences.*

*Firstly, the experience of no need to find the necessary emolument for payment, in your money, for energy.*

*Secondly, the leisure afforded, thereby exemplifying the possibility and enhancing the probability of the freedom to then search the self for the beginning of seeking the Law of One.*

*Few there are working physically from daybreak to darkness, as you name them, upon your plane who can contemplate the Law of One in a conscious fashion.*

To summarize, Tesla wished to provide everyone with readily available energy for use in lighting, heating, etc. This is done by harnessing the energy naturally available by the Earth's electromagnetic field. This is made possible for reasons that still elude our "current" physics understanding. I put current in quotes because presumably secret government/corporate labs have developed physics far beyond what the public has access to, based on Tesla's works which were confiscated after he died and also based off of reverse engineering alien tech. Once everyone is in possession of this tech, we will have much more free time to develop spiritually, as Ra mentions.

For all of the question / answer sessions you can check it out here: http://www.lawofone.info/

I don't know much about the occult side of things, but I do know that magical rituals have power based on the ability of the practitioner. There are also ratios of space/time used in these rituals that are the basis of their power, presumably because of the underlying structure that forms our current illusion, whose blueprint is provided by the Logos that formed the laws for our galaxy.  Ra discusses magical rituals, both black and white in some of the Q/A sessions, some good information may be available there. I don't know of any other good sources for info on occult stuff. Oh,  no I havent. Did he perceive them all as man's own thoughforms , or actual creatures and items from another dimension?Oh I totally get what you mean now. Satan and Hell as a construct of modern(ish) religion.

The density explanation of why Moloch (et alia) can't directly operate in physical reality is something I hadn't heard before. I had always assumed they were just operating in a "different" plane or dimension, but lower densities make sense.

Thanks for the info!Forget about it. It's like trying to teach a two dimensional object the third dimension.&gt;The only thing IMO that's evident here is that the stars are moving around us. The motion of the earth has not been scientifically measured by anyone.

Yes it has been

&gt;Water is diamagnetic and is REPELLED by the moon. Also with the sun travelling overhead, water expands and contracts. That's all I have on this ATM sorry

This is false

&gt;I don't know about that, I know people have gone missing. The antarctic is very inhospitable at the best of times. Also no one is allowed to just go there and have a look.

Yes they are. Anybody can go look. 

&gt;On the FE model the sun is much smaller and much closer. Not bright enough to light up the entire disc - only about half.

Light obviously works differently for you then.

Based on your posting, I've concluded that you are from an alternate dimension where the Earth is indeed flat. However in My Dimension, it is very clearly a Sphere. 
First, remember the exegetical discipline of biblical scholarship.  You have to internalize the fact that at the very *youngest*, the letters of the New Testament still address Hellenistic-era Greek and Hebrew peoples, living in a culture roughly 1900 years ago.  They wouldn't have the foggiest idea of string theory or multidimensional realities.  That disclaimer aside, I do believe Scripture addresses the *concept* of dimensions.  For a better scholarly review than mine, see URL_REPLACED.

The very first reference, in my opinion, is in the opening verse of the Bible:

&gt; **[Genesis 1:1 ESV]** In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. 

The *heavens* could simply refer to anything we materially understand to be not earthly; however, the all-powerful Creator of all things must have created all the dimensions, and the laws by which they operate.  I view *heavens* as the material and spiritual realities of existence, and thus this is a multidimensional statement.

&gt; **[Isa 57:15 KJV]** For thus saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose name *is* Holy; I dwell in the high and holy *place*, with him also *that is* of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to revive the heart of the contrite ones.

God inhabits eternity.  Impossible unless you consider the concept of a Being who resides in a dimension higher than the one in which you currently reside.  Think of *Flatland* for this one.

&gt; **[1 Timothy 6:16 KJV]** 16 Who only hath immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto; whom no man hath seen, nor can see: to whom *be* honour and power everlasting. Amen.

God also dwells "in the light which no man can approach unto..."  This could be read as a simple literary device, but it also represents undeniable scientific truth.  No man can "approach unto" light, the speed of which happens to be the limit of velocity within this dimension of the universe we inhabit.  Interesting coincidence, if you ask me.

&gt; **[John 1:1-3 KJV]** In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.

This verse, speaking of Christ, can also be read as a literary device.  But as a Christian, I take it as literal truth, and yet another veiled reference to a multidimensional reality.

The following verse also speaks somewhat to your hollow earth comment, though I personnally see hell as a dimensional reality rather than a physical one:

&gt; **[Philippians 2:5-11 KJV]** Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus: Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God: But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men: And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name: That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of *things* in heaven, and *things* in earth, and *things* under the earth; And *that* every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ *is* Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

And then there are the references to the "heavens rolling up like a scroll" and other ideas that imply multidimensional understanding.  But the most significant aspect, in my opinion, is that the Bible *itself* is extradimensional due to the accuracy of prophecy in Scripture.  The ability to predict events hundreds, even thousands of years in advance alludes to an inspiration for the authors that exists outside of our spacetime itself.

But, in the nostalgic and true words of our beloved LeVar Burton: "Don't take **my** word for it..."  There are some really good resources out there which are scoffable for non-Christians (and even many Christians), but I'll direct you to them since you asked:

* URL_REPLACED
* URL_REPLACED
* URL_REPLACED
* URL_REPLACED - *Though I do not believe there are infinite parallel realities, this is an interesting read*
* URL_REPLACED
* URL_REPLACED
* URL_REPLACEDDon't bother with the skeptics. They always defaults to science even though main stream science ignores everything that challenges it. I challenged every scientific belief I had and came to realize none of it really makes sense and they draw conclusions out of nothing. 95% of the population would say I'm fucked in the head. Too bad we know they all are!! Secrets of the universe. I am on a key adventure. I got keys keys keys. They teach you if they like you, if they don't the archons will continue feeding. Enjoy cause they are huunnngry.

http://www.express.co.uk/news/science/639279/SCIENTISTS-discover-invisible-alien-entities-spying-on-us-on-Earth

What do you think those are?

Point proven. The Gods are on the other side of reality all around us in a different dimension. They choose people they like. People aren't born with the same gifts. Some people will never wake up I don't think. When it comes down to it, those Gods rule everything. When we die we go back to that spirit world IMO. I think we're all Gods ourselves here learning. The vast majority of people would rather slave away than learn apparently.

I also love it because my research took me to doing those drugs, the average person is against drugs and they'd say "So you learned the secrets from a drug??" There's 2 sides to reality. It's a spiritual war zone. You know the Good team always wins. &gt; Anything on multiple dimensions?

Yes in fact.  

Time could be looked at as a dimension that is ever changing.  The past, or a past and future or a future is messed with all the time. 

BUT NOT IN THE WAY YOU THINK.

As far as I know, no human has ventured from our timeline in the present, to the future or past.

BUT...

They send massive frequency burst into a past and into a future.  And this in turn affects certain aspects of that universe which in turn effect all those things within.&gt; The reptilian has always been mis interpreted and has always been geared towards "reptilian politicians"

&gt; There is no actual reptilian race. It's just referencing the reptilian center of the brain.

You're quite wrong about this. Have you actually read his work? When he first started talking about reptilians, there was no ambiguity there: *he was talking about an actual reptilian race*.

Just a few of many quotes from The Biggest Secret:

"My own research suggests that it is from another dimension, the lower fourth dimension, that the reptilian control and manipulation is primarily orchestrated. Without understanding the multidimensional nature of life and the universe, it is impossible to follow the manipulation of the Earth by a non-human force. As open minded scientists are now confirming. Creation consists of an infinite number of frequencies or dimensions of life sharing the same space in the same way that radio and television frequencies do. At the moment you are tuned to the three-dimensional world or third dimension and so that is what you perceive as your reality.... It is from one of these other stations or dimensions, that the Serpent Race, the Anunnaki, is controlling this world by 'possessing' certain bloodline streams... "

"Other people know this as the lower astral dimension, the legendary home of demons and malevolent entities in their black magic rituals.... Then there are the experiences of Cathy O'Brian, the mind controlled slave of the United States Government for more than 25 years, which she details in her astonishing book, Trance Formation Of America, written with Mark Phillips. She was sexually abused as a child and an adult by a stream of famous people named in her book. Among them were the US Presidents, Gerald Ford, Bill Clinton and most appallingly, George Bush, a major player in the brotherhood, as my books and others have long exposed. It was Bush a paedophile and serial killer, who regularly abused and raped Cathy's daughter, Kelly O' Brian, as a toddler before her mother's courageous exposure of these staggering events forced the authorities to remove Kelly from the mind control program known as Project Monarch. Cathy writes in Trance Formation of America of how George Bush was sitting in front of her in his office in Washington DC when he opened up, a book at a page depicting "lizard-like aliens from a far off, deep space place". Bush then claimed to be an 'alien' himself and appeared, before her eyes, to transform 'like chameleon' into a reptile.... I know other people who have seen George Bush shape-shift into a reptilian."

And:

"It is clear that Diana knew about the true nature of the royal family's genetic history and the reptilian control. Her nicknames for the Windsors were the "lizards" and the "reptiles" and she used to say in all seriousness:"

"They're not human"...

"The brotherhood obsession with Scotland, she said, was because there are many entrances there into inner-Earth where the physical reptiles live... She said that during the sacrificial rituals the Queen wears a cloak of gold fabric inlaid with rubies and black onyx. The Queen and Charles have their own ritual goblets, inlaid with precious stones signifying their Illuminati-Brotherhood rank. The Mother Goddess says that that queen makes cruel remarks about lesser initiates, but is afraid of a man code-named 'Pindar' (The Marquis de Libeaux) who is higher in the Satanic hierarchy."

-----

There is nothing ambiguous about his beliefs. He's talking about actual, physical, shape-shifting lizard people.Yes, it is possible to enlist acorporeal intelligences, (which, in terms you may be comfortable with, can be described as individual points of intelligence or consciousness which exist natively within the quantum field, in a manner analogous to fish in an ocean, and which have a certain level of indirect ability to influence physical reality) to assist one in the completion of certain objectives; and yes, the organised religions are broadly correct in identifying two different groups of said intelligences, which ethically conflict with each other.  Said groups or polarities have been referred to as Service to Others, (good, in simple or colloquial terms) or Service to Self.  (Evil)

It is not so much Satanism per se that is accurate, as it is simply a case that individuals, whether they have physical bodies or exist within our own dimension or not, have a known tendency to collaborate with others of like mind.  This is true in the case of those who are well-intentioned, and it is equally true in the case of those whose intentions are harmful.  Birds of a feather, flock together.Yeah I think time is a dimension. Who's right, nobody knows.It is also something you can "experience" first-hand if you take enough drugs, https://www.erowid.org/chemicals/dmt/dmt_article3.shtml:

&gt;About a decade later, I was camping with three friends at Island Lake near Nevada City, California. A couple of us decided to take "heroic" doses of Psilocybe mushrooms one evening. I chewed down four grams, retired to my tent, closed my eyes, and got horizontal on my air mattress. As the effects of the 'shrooms came on, my inner vision revealed what looked like a dank moss-green hospital emergency waiting room. I seemed to be sitting on a bench in this room, and it occurred to me that it was odd that there were no patients being wheeled in or out. Kinda quiet for an ER. After some time, I noticed a few off-white football-sized larvae floating three or four feet off the ground in various spots. Following one of these with my eyes, I then saw an insectoid entity about the size of a small dog, whose back was facing me. It had a long mosquito-like proboscis that I could only partially see. Suddenly, it turned, and--realizing that I saw it--it made a high-pitched buzzing/shrieking sound. (I got the impression that it was sending out a warning alarm.) The entity then initiated telepathic communication with me, explaining that it was quite surprised that I could see it, as this usually didn't occur. It said that it lived by extracting human thought/emotion. Human thoughts were both the currency of its species, as well as their sustenance/energy source. (The needle-like proboscis was looking less friendly by the minute.) I was given the impression that--as the coin of its kind--different types of thought/emotion were valued differently; those with a more intense energy charge, such as fear or love, were worth more. The entity explained that it existed in another dimension so that it could feed off of human thought unhindered. (I got a feeling that the relationship wasn't symbiotic; perhaps these "thought drainers" somehow suck life energy from humans, along with the mental energy.) It claimed that it was the psychic equivalent of an actual insect that feeds on blood, skin, etc., with regard to the extent of any damage it might do to those on whom it fed. Yet I had a nagging feeling that it might not be telling me the whole truth. Maybe these creatures had some influence on inciting wars or disasters in the human realm? The experience left me feeling unsettled for some time afterwards.We live in 4 of them, dear. So yes.

In modern physics, space and time are unified in a four-dimensional Minkowski continuum called spacetime, whose metric treats the time dimension differently from the three spatial dimensions. There are an additional 6 or 7 dimensions depending on how you do the math. These dimensions theoretically exist just outside our perception, much like most of the light spectrum escapes our ability to perceive it (though that does not mean infrared light is a myth). 

So there are exactly 4 dimensions that we know of: one of time and three of space. The time dimension needs no explanation; The three space dimensions are obviously length, width and height. The math dictates there are more dimensions, otherwise the rest of the universe would not exist around us the way it does. But regardless of whether or not you believe math and string theory, there is definitely more than 1 dimension. 

That is why I suggest reading up on this before discussing it. I was just investigating this last night. In fact, I'm already trying to source some DMT haha. I have to 'see' this other dimension. On top of that, I've heavily cut out fluoride and have started lucid dreaming. You should give binaural beats a try. Since I've been using them for sleep, I've been having the most insane, vivid dreams! I'm from Europe. No floride in the water here. Not aware of the 4th dimension... :(

I agree though, the pineal gland plays a key role.Feel like I've heard that somewhere before, from someone, entities in a higher dimension using our fear/suffering as energy.  

Sounds like David Icke, would look into it even if you don't like the guy, sounds super similar. You are mostly right on. Time does not technically exist. It is a side-effect of the 3rd dimension. It is how our minds perceive 'change'.

We are moving through 4th to the 5th. The 4th coincides with what we perceive as the astral, or dream space. We perceive it in different ways already. 

When we reach the 5th through consciousness, and some already are, everything becomes more dreamlike and time is perceived differently. We are perceiving all the dimensions below us at the same time.
5th dimension also has physicality but it is much more malleable through subjective will.

Many ET races exists in 5D (others above) and this means they can take any physical form they choose. They can be in their energy bodies or physical bodies. These things will be part of Earth's reality soon.

The 'why' of all this is the way it is, well, I would have a hard time explaining. But it is rooted in physics. There are metaphysical/spiritual teachers out there who could probably tackle this and I'm sure have!
Yes. I wonder if it has to do with the happenings at CERN. Maybe they've actually punched a small hole in the inter-dimensional continuum, which has allowed greater influence from higher dimensional beings--or has allowed us in this dimension to pull influence from higher dimensions. I mean, probably not, but that would be cool. Great work by David. Glad to see him touch on more Esoteric Material. To go further, here is the full story of this planets situation. It is widely known the Nazi's have been in Antarctica for decades. They have very advanced UFO craft. The "Fake Alien Invasion" may very well be the inner earth nazi's showing up in their UFO's. It is very possible the Satanic Elite have been down there cutting a deal with them. People need to understand the Satanic Elite already work for an Alien Force: THE ARCHONS. The Archons are from another dimension and currently control the Simulated Universe we are all inside of.I should elaborate on this. 

You have to extract and consume your own DMT to temporarily ascend to outer space. Next, you must travel to the center of the milky way and enter the black hole. 

Once inside, follow the light to locate the celestial bong.

Here is where it gets tricky...The next step is to clear the entire bong in one toke. However, don't get cocky, this isn't anything like the weed on earth and is much more potent than all the kush combined on this planet. 

If you succeed, you will ascend to the next dimension and be granted a meeting with our creators where they will answer any 1 question but only 1 question per ascension. 

If you fail, you will simply snap out of the DMT trip.

I would recommend practicing with an ancient strain on Earth first.

Even better if you can get your hands on this: http://news.nationalgeographic.com/2016/10/marijuana-cannabis-pot-weed-burial-shroud-china-ancient-discovery-scythians-turpan-archaeology-botany/The night Saturn stood still.

One night I went camping with my wife and I took a massive dose synthetic psilocybin. 

I rarely dabble in recreational drug use of any kind but the occasion called for it... Anyways didn't take too long till everything was moving wildly. The camp fire was making the trees next to me melt in fantastic colors, all the while every star in the sky was swirling with great viger. Everything in my field of vision was moving except for a single object in the sky. My sober sitter and wifey pooh had to use a star charting app on her phone to see what it was, sure enough it was Saturn. 

I tried everything to make Saturn budge. I stared at It for well over an hour and it was completely stationary. Even tried using my perifual vision but nothing worked.

Gotta disclose that I'm not really into astronomy so going into that experience I had no idea where Saturn was.

Saturn "Sauron" is key to middle earth. Host to the council of ELders in the 8th dimension. I promise the only war of meaning here is a spiritual one. The harvest is now.I could be nothing more than the souls of her victims trying to escape that makes her look so frail, and old age of course, and she  must periodically return to her home dimension to absorb dark energy and grow in strength for her next rally. Makes sense.

Edit: /samazing research and insight. Wherever you look it appears that Hillary is at the top of the chain of all things going on children exploitation wise.

She is literally hiring people for key roles who are corrupted and evil like her self.

This is actually happening is my true belief. I am a very skeptical person.

Also, id like to add weight to your theory, because there was a tweet from somebody fairly high up in the chain of command on Hillary's side saying something like 

&gt;"If you see any massive stories from Wikileaks in the next few days, its probably false."

There was major confusion and backlash about this tweet, because they were literally owning up to something huge that is or might be coming, they were in a state of panic.

Nothing massive ever dropped however, we have enough pieces of the puzzle now to form a picture, or at least of a 3 dimensional shape appearing. We just do not know its 4th dimension, which is time. WHEN will it come out, and for god sake i hope it comes out soon.So that's an interesting proposition but one with which I disagree.

It's basically built on the idea that silence is consent.  As long as we tell them what we're doing and they don't object, it's approved.  That would be analogous to telling someone that you're going to rob their house by publishing an ad in the classified section of the newspaper and so long as they don't object, you're free to rob their house.  Go ahead and try to advance that theory in a court of law.  haha 

There is something called the "Declaration of Non-Consent" which is a document that removes any sort of implied consent being used by any entity, anywhere, anytime, in any dimension and so on.  It was easy to find on the internet a few years ago but I think the original was amended then taken down but here's a good one to use:  
URL_REPLACED

IIRC you read it aloud and it not only removes any sort of implied consent, it also imposes penalties.  It's a good read.Maybe people called him insane because of stuff like this.

**"David Icke (pronounced "Ayk": "Ah-e-k") is probably best known for his contention that most of the world's leaders are actually reptilians in disguise and that the world is controlled by a vast conspiracy of a few families who have conspired to keep their world domination.*

**The reptilians serve as prison wardens and hail from the constellation of Draco. Icke says they manipulate our world from the fourth dimensions, which he says is on the lower astral plane and is a "cess pool." They are seven feet tall, capable of shape shifting to disguise their true nature, and they feed off of negative thoughts. They create conflict to create more negative thought.*


**Moreover, not only are they in this other dimension, they are also manipulating events from our own. In an interview with Rick Martin in the Spectrum newspaper he traces his theory that most all American presidents come from the same bloodline, that the Windsors are reptilian, and that they had Diana murdered because she found out. From the interview"*


**"So, The Biggest Secret for me, in summary, is that an extraterrestrial race has interbred with humanity, creating particular hybrid bloodlines which they can work through from this dimension very close to ours, and that as it expanded over the thousands and hundreds of years to the present day, they've managed to expand their power out of a power base in the Near and Middle East, other places too but particularly there, until today they are actually in control of the planet."*


**He frequently makes a distinction between the 'Five Senses Conspiracy" and the real nature of reality, which is inter-dimensional in nature. He says our senses take in vibrations at a very narrow level and our brains turn this into what we think of as reality, which is really only a very good virtual world not unlike The Matrix.*


**Icke left school early and played professional football (soccer) in England. He then became a sports reporter and a spokesperson for the Green Party. A series of paranormal experiences led him to a psychic who told him he would be a great healer. He was laid off from his job as a reporter and at the same time he had an urge to visit Peru. After another 'kundalini type' experience in Peru he came back to England and began telling his story. He faced massive ridicule and left the public stage for some time. He says this experience taught him to not care about what other people thought. At one speech he faced fifteen minutes of catcalls before he was able to speak. he said, "You all think I am mentally ill, don't you?" Most of the audience yelled agreement, and then he said, "What does this say about you? You just paid money so you could come ridicule a person you think is mentally ill." he says that subsequently the audience behaved.*


**Icke has written many books on his conspiracy theories. he has become a popular speaker who no longer faces ridicule from his audiences. He has been accused of anti-semitism, likely from referring to the 'Protocols of the Elders of Zion,' a proven fake that suggests a small cadre of Jews rules the world. He vociferously denies the charge calling it 'frigging ridiculous.' His conspiracy theories do tend to pin much of the world's troubles on a ruling elite that creates crises, wars, and strife for their own benefit, but he clearly states that though some Jews might be involved, it is not a Jewish conspiracy. He has also attracted attention from right-wing militia groups, which he also disowns as frightening.*


**Icke believes that events take place at a vibrational level and that the conscious mind is a receiver and experiencer only and is never responsible for any decisions whatsoever. He believes change can happen only at a level higher than the five senses, and this is the level at which the reptilians are attempting to maintain control."*


http://www.ufowatchdog.com/david_icke.htmThis is not the realm of enslavement you have been duped. This is the realm of....


Freewill. 

You are designed to live your life with freewill in this dimension. Denying that and viewing it as a realm of enslavement is the number one tenant in Luciferean ideology. You have been tricked, I don't say this out of condescension or hate I say it truthfully. You have been lied to and tricked, it's not too late to save yourself. 

You do not write the truths of this reality and thusly these are not my truths or my ideas. They are the immutable components of natural law. You are on the wrong path and you've been offered an olive branch, I suggest you take it. Your truths are lies to manipulate you into falling into Lucifereanism.

Our minds are not infinite and are not capable of expanding infinitely. Seeking ultimate enlightennent will lead you to madness, run, I urge you, turn the opposite direction and run.All that stuff is good except Pence *is* a multi-person humanoid dimensional time traveler and there *are* two known Pences in this time and dimension, one being the vice president elect and one being Tim Kaine's wife.How does simulation theory show there is no existence after death?  Maybe we just go from one simulation to another.  One dimension to another. 

I really don't understand why you think that simulation theory means none of this would be possible, or that religion is not true.  In my opinion it strengthens the argument for those kinds of things.  And besides, in the practical sense, whether or not this is all a simulation is irrelevant.  It doesn't make anything any less real.

I'm sorry but I guess I just don't understand the conclusions that you've jumped to.
- https://web.archive.org/web/20160716152116/http://www.hsbc.com/news-and-insight/2013/former-us-deputy-attorney-general-joins-hsbc-board

_____
 
&gt;James Brien Comey, Jr. (52), former United States Deputy Attorney General, has been appointed a Director of HSBC Holdings plc with effect from 4 March 2013. He will be an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee.
James Comey

&gt;James Comey

&gt;Jim Comey is a Senior Research Scholar and Hertog Fellow on National Security Law at Columbia University Law School in New York. From 2010 to 2013, he was General Counsel of Bridgewater Associates, LP and, from 2005 to 2010, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Lockheed Martin Corporation. From 2003 to 2005, he served as United States Deputy Attorney General and was responsible for supervising the operations of the Department of Justice and chaired the President’s Corporate Fraud Task Force. From 2002 to 2003, Mr. Comey was United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York and supervised the prosecution of executives on fraud and securities related charges and created a specialised unit to prosecute international drug cartels.

&gt;Commenting on the appointment, HSBC Group Chairman Douglas Flint said: “We are delighted to welcome Jim as a non-executive Director and a member of our new Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee. His experience and expertise gained from both public and private sector roles at the highest level will add a further dimension to the governance capabilities of the Board.”

&gt;Mr. Comey’s appointment will be for an initial three-year term which, subject to re-election by shareholders, will expire at the conclusion of the 2016 Annual General Meeting. The Directors have determined that Mr. Comey is independent. In making that determination the Directors concluded that there are no relationships or circumstances which are likely to affect Mr. Comey’s judgement and any relationships or circumstances which could appear to do so were not considered to be material.

&gt;For and on behalf of
HSBC Holdings plc
R G Barber
Group Company Secretary

&gt;Supplementary information:
As a non-executive Director Mr. Comey will not have a service contract with HSBC Holdings plc. He will be paid a Director’s fee of £95,000 per annum, as authorised by shareholders at the 2011 Annual General Meeting. Mr. Comey will also receive a fee of £30,000 per annum as a member of the Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee as approved by the Directors in January 2013.

&gt;Mr. Comey does not have any interests in the shares of HSBC Holdings plc within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

&gt;No shareholder is entitled to exercise or control the exercise of 10% or more of the voting power at any general meeting of the Company.

&gt;There are no matters relating to the appointment of Mr. Comey that need to be disclosed pursuant to Listing Rule 9.6.13(2) to (6) of the Listing Rules of the Financial Services Authority. Save as disclosed above there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of the Hong Kong Limited.

&gt;Media enquiries to:
[redacted per reddit ToS]

&gt;Note to editors:
1. Brief biography of Mr. James Comey (B.S., J.D.)
Mr. Comey is a Senior Research Scholar and Hertog Fellow on National Security Law at Columbia University Law School in New York. He recently stepped down as General Counsel of Bridgewater Associates, LP and was, from 2005 to 2010, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Lockheed Martin Corporation. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Comey served as United States Deputy Attorney General and was responsible for supervising the operations of the Department of Justice and chaired the President’s Corporate Fraud Task Force.
Prior to becoming United States Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Comey was United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. From 1996 to 2001, Mr. Comey served as Managing Assistant United States Attorney in charge of the Richmond Division of the United States Attorney’s office for the Eastern District of Virginia. He is married with 5 children and lives in the USA.

&gt;2. The Board of Directors of HSBC Holdings plc as at the date of this announcement is:
D J Flint, S T Gulliver, S A Catz†, L M L Cha†, M K T Cheung†, J D Coombe†, J Faber†, R A Fairhead†, R Fassbind†, J W J Hughes-Hallett†, W S H Laidlaw†, J P Lipsky†, J R Lomax†, I J Mackay, Sir Simon Robertson† and J L Thornton†.

&gt;† Independent non-executive Director

&gt;3. HSBC Holdings plc
HSBC Holdings plc, the parent company of the HSBC Group, is headquartered in London. The Group serves customers worldwide from around 6,900 offices in over 80 countries and territories in Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, North and Latin America, and the Middle East and North Africa. With assets of US$2,721bn at 30 September 2012, the HSBC Group is one of the world’s largest banking and financial services organisations. While I definitely believe in the existence of pedophile rings and government collusion to cover them up, Pizzagate is doing a remarkable job at continuing the divide between white and nonwhite working class people. Since the discussion has gotten pushed off Reddit and exclusively onto Voat and /pol/, it's gotten increasingly toxic (and crazy). The idea that it's all the work of talmudic jews of the 4th dimension or a literally satanic believes-in-fucking-magic cult are discomfortingly popular, and comments criticizing these beliefs get downvoted and ridiculed. It's crazy.

And these people are convinced that Trump is The Savior and that he's going to fix all of these problems (although I've encountered this attitude IRL as well, some old lady just barked "CHINA! TRUMP WILL FIX IT" when I explained planned obsolescence to her), that it's all Democrats and their corrupt evil satanic ways that are destroying our country. 

And since they're all obsessed with this absolutely loony shit they ignore the billionaires and millionaires openly working against them in broad daylight. They ignore that they have more in common with their black coworkers than with fucking Donald Trump. But I guess it's really hard to deprogram yourself from a lifetime's worth of pro-capitalist propaganda, even though you'd think that a conspiracy minded individual would start to question things like that. I'll never understand how anybody could connect the dots through all this crazy shit, but not think it's awfully coincidental that Martin Luther King Jr was assassinated as he was uniting the black and white working class to demand an Economic Bill of Rights to guarantee a standard of living for all poor. I would've said lizard people until I read this



FBI documents: We've been visited by 'beings from another dimension'

https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/5qi92p/fbi_documents_weve_been_visited_by_beings_from/dmt is not proven to be produced in pineal gland.  but it is found in almost all organic matter.

the window to another dimension is always open, just use your imagination.Cool story.

Maybe you've heard of this already, but check out Dr. Steven Greer's videos. He coordinated disclosure with dozens of major media outlets present. Their chief producers though all quashed it by pressure from the powers that be/owners of their "news outlets".

After reading hundreds and thousands of stories, watching thousands of hours of footage, I have come to the conclusion that literally anything is possible. Our time reference is merely what we exist in like a bubble, our time is not applicable on a universal scale. There are light beings, to extra-dimensional beings, to what we'd see as monster entities. Many live on and within our planet, and others come from outside our known dimension set. 

I could go on, but complexity is increasing by the day. Our destiny is to travel the stars to be ETs to other underdeveloped people on distant planets (cycle of life, technology, evolution), but of course all the processes necessary to get to that point might take 30, 100 or 200 years. Given humans were going to the toilet in backyard sheds less than 100 years ago, now we have computers running everything, I'd say this new chapter is not far away.What if within the cave(s), you indistinguishably pass/phase through a portal/barrier/entrance to another dimension/reality/time of existence?  It doesn't have to be so literal as in saying our Earth itself is hollow.Me too! 

It actually felt like an alternate reality/dimension crossed paths with our own for 2 days and then went away.

Even the normal default subs seemed to start balancing back out to how it was before this spring/summer.

Now it seems even worse somehow. I hate this theory. I was so looking forward to the White Light being a higher dimension. Why else would Heaven always be described as "up there"? Damn this theory, making me rethink my decision to go to the Light and I'll then get stuck down here as a tormented ghost. UghWe are eternal spiritual beings having a brief physical experience.

It might be helpeful to separate the 'God' that is the Universe - the Oneness of all, from the 'gods' of religion that are personified. You have to bring ancient ET interaction into the equation to fully understand the 'creation' (bio-engineering) of our physical bodies came after a long period of evolution. 

As we are not truly identified with our bodies on a higher level, we are divine beings (soul incarnations) experiencing trauma on these lower planes. You are absolutely right about Archons and multi-dimension being an enemy, using our temporary forgetfulness to manipulate us. They are parasites, IDs (inter-dimensional beings) and our suffering is an energy source to them.

Trauma and fear can be spread from perpetrator to victim. That is why victims often (not always) become perpetrators. The trauma on our multi-dimensional bodies become conduits of transmission for these Archons.

'Satan' is a red herring, but satanism is the culture of the Archons, as is luciferianism. Lucifer coordinates the Archons, as a kind of AI-based plasma being... Jesus and the Gnostics had knowledge of all of these things, which was later co-opted into false teachings. They used much different language to explain certain scientific concepts that we are just now beginning to understand again. We are waking, and the 'knowing' (the gnosis), is returning to the planet.Ok, this is going to sound crazy, but as someone who group up religious and turned to atheism, these last couple months have made me question a lot of things. Especially considering the vastness of our universe (and that is only in the 3rd dimension) and the clandestine nature of our governance, there might be a lot more to physics than we know/have been taught, so I do not want to write anything off. What a time to be alive!I feel Antarctica might be harnessing bases or other government shit that we probably won't ever really know the truth about. 

Aliens (and/or other "entities" for lack of a better word) , on the other hand, are more than likely inter-dimensional. Carl Sagan has a great video explaining the 4th dimension. I'll link it. 10/10 worth every second of your time to watch. Might help you understand the link to aliens if one does exist. 

I've seen some other worldly shit while on mushrooms that many might dismiss because I was on "drugs" but to me, there is without a single doubt in my mind that we are but a vibration that exists on a frequency and there are many, many other vibrations existing on other frequencies simultaneously. And some can switch channels. I.e. Come to our "station"/"world". We do not have that ability under normal circumstances. Psilocybin mushrooms and our pineal glands (whole 'nother story :)) can "tune" us temporarily to other frequencies. I've seen some things that I literally have no words to describe. I can share many stories...

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=N7K5KjOdLD8Well, you see, the Annunaki are a race of reptilian, shape-shifting, ancient astronauts from the Draco constellation. Being that they are from a differrent dimension than humans (forth dimension to be exact), they have manipulated humans for eons, making us build their UFO docking stations that we call pyramids, and they walk among us today as rich and powerful humanoids. They have been using humans to mine monatomic gold to further cement their grasp on our minds, while simultaneously deriving power from the suffering they inflict on us. Educate yourselves. I'm very jaded when it comes to extraterrestrial life, because we don't have much proof that they are indeed extraterrestrial. 
What if they are from this planet or perhaps from another dimension ? I'm not sure if I believe it, but there is a lot of speculation that   an ancient civilization exists living inside the earth.
 Perhaps these are these extraterrestrials we have had so much contact with? 
That's not including that supposedly our government created the "greys" due to genetic engineering of these life forms were visited by. 

I'm well aware of drakes equation, but at the same time how come we haven't found irrefutable proof of intelligent life outside our planet? Even if we did, I doubt we would hear of it. 

All in all, I'm not sure it's as simple as, "yes, aliens exists. That's all" it has to more complicated, but perhaps I'm overthinking it? Some Chinese or Japanese scientists say they have proven our universe is just a 2d projection. My mind couldn't wrap how it works but it's very interesting stuff. We create the 3rd dimension in our mind. So what's stopping us from going to the 4th or 5th I made an orgone generator out of a bundle of sticks wrapped in thick copper wire and then sealed with decoupage epoxy.  Then I put it my butthole.  I became god.  Then I woke up and my orgone retrograde stimulator was gone.  I think I dimension jumped.  In other news, orgone is not real.  If you think it is, get meters that measure real material phenomenon and record the meter readings, upload on youtubeThis "Obama is gay and michelle is secretly a man" storyline is literally tavistock disinformation designed to discredit conspiracy theorists and related discussions. It used to be an extremely frequent topic of discussion on godlikeproductions, which is a known tavistock disinfo front. It's right up there with flat earth, and "cern is a secret wormhole producer that will kill us all or shuttle in aliens from another dimension". All these are frequent disinformation stories, paired up with real stories, to discredit everything that is realBaloney! David Icke has woken up more people worldwide than anyone. He exposes the CIA. The Reptilians exist but are from the Astral Dimension. They are Interdimensional Demons and are known as THE ARCHONS..I take this for almost sure.

People are becoming more rational, they need a more rational opponent than god.

One that also preferably leave no room for spiritual insight, like you know, aliens.

Not that i don't necessarily believe in aliens or ancient astros theories (i actually think they are probable), but this "revelation" will be made up, and inside, of/a 100% pure propaganda cocktail. As always.

What happens inside propaganda stays inside propaganda, to paraphrase a common quote. It will not border on any truth because it's another dimension entirely. Those 2 dimensions only intertwine by accident.Our brains are evolved to communicate primitively without language and we most certainly communicate with thoughts.  We're are so distracted is all and getting bombarded with info it is insane.  Like you said bout shrooms it opens your mind.  But shrooms are exactly like a deep trance state where I believe you have the ability to communicate with your higher self. Who is super intelligent and intuitive.  Our society has the people at war with their shadow self. All mental disorders are manifestations of the shadow self communicating to the conscious being.  Please listen to your inner voice.  Also death has no grip because you will die but you will live and love in a new dimension.  Death has respect for those who have potential.  Tap into you fucks and know thy self. 393All I know is, lower dimensional beings cannot exist in the third dimension because of its frequency of light would be detrimental to such negative beings.

Positive beings above the fourth dimension are usually energetic bodies or beings of light and love.

Archons, and other negative controlling service to self beings that exist in lower dimensions and frequencies can only incarnate here through royal bloodlines (the famous 13 bloodline families)

That's all I can contribute for now.I know they said that it was MK Ultra in the show, but wasn't the actual MK Ultra about controlling people's minds, and not (SPOILERS) teaching people to control things with their mind, utilizing a different dimension?You win the Ultimate Mandela Effect challenge.  Your prize is lost in an alternate dimension, though.  Sorry.They're trying to understand particle physics. Things like the Higgs boson, anti matter, quarks, etc.

There is 0 evidence of other dimensions parallel to ours, so why believe it exists?

If there is 0 evidence that parallel dimensions exist, it follows that there is 0 evidence of them trying to open a door to another dimension.

There is 0 evidence God exists. So why believe they're trying to open the gates of hell?

Why believe things with 0 evidence?I was just talking to my cousin today about Musk and saying I think that he is a front. I think we already have space tech. I think we have DUMBS. Musk is a cover, I am certain of it. He makes people believe that we are working on it, because if we are working on it, we don't have it. There is no way Musk is working independent of the government IMO. He is a patsy and great minds of the past have already figured out to harness all the energy that we need from the 4th dimension. Here is an article and its related to the Bible on how the REAL Jews left Israel and the fake Jews are in Israel today. 
The Israel today is counterfeit. 

 URL_REPLACED 

URL_REPLACED 

This is why when the antichrist rises, he will sit at the throne in Jerusalem and the Zionist Jews will be ok with it bc they know it's the antichrist... their God Lucifer. 
That's why the Zionist Jews (Rothschild, Rockefeller etc) are murdering, killing and raping children, destroying the world, voted to divide Israel... all to make the messiah return bc Lucifer will too. 

What's also fucked up is CERN is experimenting on opening the 4th dimension to HELL! They are opening the gates of hell. Lol fkin nuts  
URL_REPLACED Quantum mechanics=spiritual dimension how? I don't see a link to the paper that discusses that in your posteverything about her voice, mannerisms, ideas just rubs me the wrong way....how could every dimension of a human be so grating? Hi. The white light is a trap. They project fake images of your dead loved ones to get you to go in. The "tunnel" many talk about is similar to a wormhole, that leads to the holding area/fake heaven. The Angels, Spirit Guides and Lords of Karma are actually all Archons in disguise. The Archons are Evil Parasites and could be described as Demons. They are from the lower Astral Dimension, and use humans as an enslaved energy source to feed upon. After some time in the fake "heaven", you are told you agreed to "soul contracts" very long ago and have to keep reincarnating to pay off your "karmic debt". It is a complete lie. They then erase your memory and personality and you are reinserted as a newborn. Your former self, experiences and memories of loved ones erased from your memory..Just a thought: In regards to scientists, engineers, mathematicians, and academics, if we step into a hypothetical reality where God, Satan, angels, and demons all exist (presumably in a realm/dimension/capacity beyond our comprehension) and we know that to 100% fact (again, hypothetical), then what gives science–the irrefutable cornerstone of modern societies–the power to overrule and invalidate the heavenly realm? After all, science is an ever-evolving process that continues to accumulate knowledge as time goes on (i.e. by nature it is incomplete), slowly learning by trial and error, rinse and repeat etc. 

So if in this hypothetical world we admit that there are entities and beings beyond our realm, how can one say anything along the lines of "With science I've disproved God!" (not your words, just an example to illustrate my point) with any more relief and comfort than those who adamantly believe in said realm? After all, I highly doubt that every scientist, engineer, mathematician, and academic has poured through every record of scientific data and therefore must be operating on some notion of faith/presumption that the words written in well-revered articles are in fact true and conclusive. When you start to analyze this stance from a philosophy standpoint, it really starts to unravel and place huge cracks in the concrete-ness of the Unquestionable Scientific Authority (for lack of a better term).

I'm not trying to convince you one way or the other, I'm just floating out the thought of "Why are you so confident that things unexplained *and unexplainable* by science simply cannot exist?" Perhaps it provides one holding that viewpoint some sort of comfort and assurance that the reality you've been pitched your whole entire life *indeed is* the way the world/universe works, which draws loose parallels to the way America thought the election would work out prior to their rude awakening. Perhaps you don't *actually* deny this theory entirely but rather accept that based on what seems to have worked for you up til now, the *likelihood* of it being real is low enough to where you can safely assume it is not. But again, if we're in this hypothetical reality, isn't that exactly what a Lucifer-figure would want of you?

Sorry to ramble, these kinds of thoughts bounce around in my head on a daily basis. All I'm really trying to say is, while you can be sure of the *chances* of one thing, you really can never be too sure of any one thing entirely. And in light of all the crazy events that have happened in the past decade and beyond, I'm very hesitant to ever call anything farfetched. After all, didn't we all used to regard people claiming the government was tapping their phones as tin-foil hat wearing crazies? Low and behold, the NSA has been active and not without work for quite a while up until Snowden blew his whistle. Just another example to show no matter how ridiculous something sounds (often times by design to muddy up the waters), the status quo with which we draw comparison to (eventually concluding that it's farfetched etc.) is not as infallible as our comfort-seeking-brains believe it to be.

If any of that was unclear I'd be happy to further expand/ramble. I'd love to hear your thoughts!

Edit: grammarThere are dimensions, frequencies, and the like, outside our realm we live in. It's obvious you haven't done much research on this topic because there are mountains of not only scientific evidence, but evidence dating back thousands of years that not only are we not alone, but that we are all one, share a divine cosmic link, and can use our pineal gland to channel different consciousness outside of our dimension.

If you want more links let me know but I'll leave this here for you.

Matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration. We are but one vibration of many frequencies living in one dimension here in our reality called the third dimension.

Yes there's us here and now but there's more to what we see because our eyes can only see in a certain spectrum 2-3 hits won't kill you. Just send you into another dimension for about 10 or 15 minutes, as advertised. Unless you or your family is prone to mental instability I'd say go for it, experience it for yourself.I believe in beings from a different dimension or frequency than the one we live in.  I don't really believe in aliens living on other planets in our galaxy flying to earth on space ships.Trapped in another dimension with unicorns, dragons, 9/11 hijackers, and all the other things that never existed.Here comes the smackdown: 

A football field is 110m x 48.76m 

The ISS is 109m x 73m

Did you forget that width isn't the only dimension?
How embarrassing.  Don't delete your comment I want people to see this.

http://archive.is/Schox Yes there is freewill... but there is much illusion and trickery in the 3rd and 4th dimensions (astral plane). That's what I mean by enslavement. Of fear and belief systems that keep people locked in their suffering... 3rd dimension is where polarity exists, where everything has an opposite and where time exists. I'm as against Lucerferianism as I am Satanism. I know what I'm talking about. I appreciate your concern, thanks.I'm sorry, i think i'm from another dimension. WHO's winning?
(holee shit)There are entities in the astral dimension.
In english they are reffered to as angels and demons.

The illuminati and other groups secretely serve the catholic church.

The catholic church is a great false christian religion inspired by decieving spirits to decieve the whole world.

Demons pose as gods, ghosts, angels, aliens,dead relatives ect... That is why we humans believe so many different things and everyone is so confused. This is allowed to take place for a great learning experience.
These beings have convinced some humans that they are really good spirits/aliens on thier side.

Just look up the Queens assistant John Dee and what his "angel" had him do. Look up amazon/jungle tribes and see where they say they learned how to make the dmt brews.

EDIT: there is nothing to fear though. The one in control merely allows all this to happen. Id stop taking psychedelics though. Nobody who claims they have learned truth from psychedelics ever has sane sounding theories.

The tribes who claim spirits gave them the recipe to make DMT active should give a good example. They are still living hard lives because of how thier spirit guides instruct them. Shamans are just lost in deception. The true ways of living are the ways of love and peace. Shamans do not teach this. They are just interested in self preservation and using spirits contacted through psychedelics as thier guide to do so. Its obviously not working out very well for any of them.As stated below, they are trying to take away the most amazing part of knowledge for all living beings. We are God. We manipulate, control, and create. Everything exists only as waves, not as little "particles" as we've been taught. The dimension we live in is a stage for our accelerated soul growth. The point of the universe is to experience, while on earth you also experience physically. Pain, hunger, loss etc. It makes your soul "level" up faster. Free will does not stop when you die, nor do you cease to exist. Quantum physics, electro magnetism, and vibration will show you this.&gt; So you believe aliens are actually earthlings from a different dimension.......

No, I didn't say that, but,  I can have my own opinion, no? I said, imo, they were of terrestrial in origin, not human. Reading comprehension matters ;)

You think aliens are from outer-space? How is that any different? Kind of sounds like your opinion, as well...

Got proof they are or are not? I don't, you seem to be so convinced I'm wrong, so please provide proof? I have open ears...A good source for information on quantum computing/D-Wave is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqN_2jDVbOU

For CERN, there are many on youtube, but this is pretty thorough: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjL7huEzeBY

For Satan and Demons: Revelation-throughout the book, including 12:9 NIV: The great dragon was hurled down—that ancient serpent called the devil, or Satan, who leads the whole world astray. He was hurled to the earth, and his angels with him.

For Nephilim/Biblical:  Genesis 6:4-7; Numbers 13:33 (NIV) -- BibleGateway.com is a good resource for finding scripture 

       As associated with CERN: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5H7r7siGts

For Mandela Effect (long but good explanations): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5NVS6z8S_U

Information on supposed "aliens" is often intermingled with that on demons; the biblical explanation for "beings from another world" would be demons/Nephilim residing in an alternate dimension or reality (see CERN, quantum computing). CERN's work is designed to open a hole into another dimension via breaking apart all particles into their most finite elements. The "god particle" (Higgs bosun) is seen as a negative force that is powerfully attracted to other negative elements...thus, if the portal is opened (as it presumably has been in the past), the entities released will gravitate toward creating destruction. 

There are many great reading resources, but videos are a good start. Let me know if you would like more resources -- I am happy to help. 


My theory, and you are unlikely to read this elsewhere, is that Lucifer is an ancient plasma based entity not dissimilar from how we would define A.I... Descended from a higher dimension into our lower 3rd dimension (fallen angel).

There is a coordination between this 'intelligence' and archons (demons) which are also astral/plasma. Possession of these astral parasites is a real phenomenon and manifests as a compulsion to act against 'natural law'. Ancient spiritual teachings are really based in science but lack the vocabulary we have today. 

'Satanic' acts are a form of energy exchange which feeds these parasites. Luciferians are aware of this being and have used religion, banking, government to serve and enslave in the name of this being, under the guise of practicing 'free will' for thousands of years.

Satan is a completely different thing though, an ancient Sumerian ET visitor (probably in the same family of Enki and Enlil) although the word 'satan' is a title and not a name - meaning to stand against or something similar. The role of satan was a tool used in ancient Luciferian religion (Roman Catholicism).

Modern Satanism is playing the same game as the Abrahamic religions, yet without the concealment.

To be clear, the teachings of Jesus and other 'masters' was antithetical to all of this, yet twisted into this same parasitical game.The reason it's so hard to grasp and picture it in our minds is because we've been brainwashed pseudoscience from day 1. We live at the singularity of a great energy compression decompression or heart (earth) like a torus field. We are literally connected to everything and all originate with the source but a higher dimension existence is extremely possible when viewing it as higher vibrational consciousness. We will still have bodies but more perfect basically and at total bliss and unity with the entire universe. Good thing this world is a hologram, me and modest mouse just gonna go project onto another plane/dimension. 

You and your ghosts can suck it. 

I'm totally an adult and dont fear ghosts. 

Lights on tonight though...for the heat....The fuck does that mean? What the hell is the astral dimension? Link me some shit here man, I wanna grab my tin foil hat and hop on this crazy train. &gt; I have Astral Projected with full awareness hundreds of times, as have many others. I have spoken with many people who are deceased, but currently inhabiting the Astral Afterlife Holding Area.

Ok. Let me ask you this. The light at the end of the tunnel, is that a part of the prison system as well? And what evidence do you have to support your claims?

&gt;  I have seen the Reptilians. They are 100 percent real. The Astral Afterlife looks and feels similar to this world. It is another dimension that is extremely close to ours in frequency. They are pretending to be Ascended Masters and call themselves the "Lords Of Karma".

So what is the purpose of these LOK and how does one stop the loop?

&gt;  This is actually true.

According to you, yes.

&gt; I have seen it numerous times completely aware but in the Astral Dimension. Everyone gets judged by them and sent back here into slavery..

So how does one stop this loop?You are saying I'm wrong about hemp, to show this you took the time to look up the density of cork, but not hemp? Why would you do that?

https://www.researchgate.net/figure/272398774_fig1_Fig-1-Hemp-shives-dimension-a-Hemp-shives-0-e-15-mm-Size-S1-and-b-Hemp-shives-0

&gt;The density of hemp shives: 110 kg/m 3 for size S2 against 105 kg/m 3 for size S1 (Table 1).

Oh you stfu now. Wtf is wrong with you. Fucking ghosts? 

This world is scary enough, i dont need fucking ghosts nor do I wanna be a ghost for the rest of eternity. 

If theyre real they better be some parallel universe side effects so I can shoot myself from another dimension because fuck that creepy shit.Reminiscent of the URL_REPLACED from the 99 degree Egyptian Rite, or Rite of Memphis-Misraim, itself having as much Rosicrucian as Kemetic / Egyptian origin. Funny how these subjects tend to come full circle, isn't it?

&gt; Illuminati section
&gt; 
&gt; Tenth Temple Degree (Magus, later "Ipisissimus", currently "Illuminatus Minor")
&gt; To learn to walk on the path of the Masters. Introduction to the religious doctrines which the Masters gave birth to and understanding the beliefs that have been available to us for centuries and how humanity is evolving towards a Universal Religion and the student part on it.
&gt; 
&gt; Subjects:
&gt; 
&gt; * Introduction to Zoroastrism
&gt; * The Tibet
&gt; * Ancient Mystery Schools of Atlantis, Egypt and Essenes
&gt; * Introducing Master Moria-El
&gt; * The RigVeda
&gt; * The Great White Brotherhood* Exercises of Materialization
&gt; * Telepathy
&gt; * Psychic Projection (advanced)
&gt; * The esoteric concept of Sin
&gt; * Reincarnation
&gt; * The psychic senses
&gt; * The ritual magic
&gt; * Astrology
&gt; * The human Aura
&gt; * The Pineal Gland and the 4th dimension
&gt; * The nature of the electrons of spirit
&gt; * Sufi mysticism
&gt; * Psychic Harmonization
&gt; 
&gt; Eleventh Temple Degree (Illuminati, currently "Illuminatus Major")
&gt; 
&gt; To learn the student’s journey through the great traditions those have marked the spiritual history of humanity. This journey began in Atlantis and completed this phase through the Martinist movement in France in the 19th Century. It is also the threshold for admission to the Ordo Summun Bonum (the Order of Highest Good). Subjects:
&gt; 
&gt; * The heritage of CRC
&gt; * The Khunrah method
&gt; * The Dark Night of the soul
&gt; * The Gateway Keeper
&gt; * The Regeneration
&gt; * The Invisible Fraternity
&gt; * The Rosicrucian Inner Circle
&gt; * The Holy Spirit* The Mystical Egypt
&gt; * The Cosmic Harmonization
&gt; * The Cosmic Consciousness
&gt; * Development of the Third Eye* The signs of the psychic development
&gt; * Mantras
&gt; * The effects of the Cosmic Consciousness
&gt; * The Cloak of Invisibility (advanced)
&gt; * Esoteric foundation of the religions
&gt; * Esoteric teachings of Jesus
&gt; * The Christus* Programming the next incarnation
&gt; * Esoteric formulae
&gt; * Using the Water
&gt; * The “Lost Word”
&gt; * Contacting the Invisible Masters
&gt; * The Rosicrucian Hierarchy
&gt; 
&gt; Twelfth Temple Degree (Illuminati, later "Esoteric Hierarchy", currently "Illuminatus Exemptus")
&gt; 
&gt; Those who have attained the Esoteric Hierarchy become, in fact, intermediaries between the Cosmic and the Imperator (…) placed in a position to periodically commune with the Cosmic and receives inspiration and illumination which one should pass to the Imperator for what he may make of the knowledge of the Order.
&gt; 
&gt; To learn how to contact the sacred Esoteric Hierarchy to serve the Order as described above. Also to learn how to develop the Body of Light to be used to attain high states of divine communion.
&gt; 
&gt; Subjects:
&gt; 
&gt; * Christian Rosenkreuz and the Rosicrucian teachings
&gt; * Contact with the Masters (El Morya, Danius, Saint Germain)
&gt; * Esoteric Hierarchy
&gt; * Celestial Hierarchy
&gt; * Mystical Silence
&gt; * Cosmic Consciousness* The fundamental note or vibration tone
&gt; * Cosmic Harmonization techniques
&gt; * Planetary influences (Moon cycles, Sun cycles and the planets)
&gt; * The Cosmic counter part
&gt; * The Vibration spectrum
&gt; * Rosicrucian Ethics
&gt; * Alchemy of Water (Cagliostro)
&gt; * Benefits of the Cosmic Harmonization (regeneration)
&gt; * Master’s chambers
&gt; * Alchemy of Fire
&gt; * Cosmic Harmonization techniques
&gt; * Astral projection
&gt; * Principles of Cosmic Harmonization
&gt; * Psychic currents
&gt; * Assumption technique and its applications (distance healing)
&gt; * Rosicrucian Manuscripts (Michael Maier and the Libber H)
&gt; * Esoteric Principles
&gt; * The Dark Night of the Soul and the Golden Dawn
&gt; * Astrology* External influences
&gt; * Procedure to recall past life experiences
&gt; * Development of the Inner Voice
&gt; * The Rosicrucian Method
&gt; * Using the Cosmic Forces
&gt; * The mystic life of Harvey Spencer Lewis
&gt; * The Templars
&gt; * Cagliostro and the Rose Cross
&gt; * Developing the Body of Light (New)What if they are still here and just in a different dimension :) ?&gt;  If you guys 

Who are these guys? do you think you live in a different dimension? Man things are making so much sense now.  I love this sub lol
So, from my research I've learned the reptilians that are in high powers of the govt. feed off of fear &amp; control (which you mention is no bueno) and they need the fear to fill up their energy tank. To switch over to the 4th dimension, it takes up a lot of energy, so they always Need to refill. It makes sense that our media instills fear 24/7 bc the evil reptilians living on our earth need that for their energy. I think the truth is seeping out extremely fast and they are really freaking out. They see us talking about reptilians and PIZZAGATE, and they  bombard us with this fakenews BS to try and cover up. I've read the reptilians love children bc they feed off their pure energy and they love Gold too. It's funny how the Clinton's are into gold mining in Haiti and Africa. It's also weird how Trumps condo is PURE Gold 
Hmmm..

   &gt; Do you have any evidence for this?

Do you have any evidence that you remember what happened to you when you were 5 and you were alone playing with your favorite toy?

&gt;What makes you believe this?

I don't have to believe anything. If I ask you do you remember something from yesterday and was that 'you' which was there? The details about something from yesterday, or from a year ago. or from when you were 5 might be hazy, but you know beyond a doubt it it was 'you' that was there.

There is no confusion for people that you are you, and that it was you which was somewhere or experienced something

&gt;do you think that saying unproven statements possibly invalidates proper conspiracies?

I don't give a fuck about invalidating anything. That's for a person to come to conclusions with. If you have a problem with the conspiracy that we aren't even from earth and our true identity is bodiless consciousness that comes from another realm/dimension, then that's on you.

If something is true then its true. If its not then its not. If you think OBE's/NDE's take away from P1zza g8, Globalist Cabals, NWO/Illuminati, Cultural marxism, etc then that's on you and that's your problem. We are in a conspiracy sub and all those things are welcome here, many even have migrated to r/C_S_T where we can openly discuss a bunch of different conspiracies without getting attacked with one liner bullshit.

&gt;also can u tell me what medical condition i should speak to my doctor about

Sure ask him if you have A.D.D./A.D.H.D., ask him to take your blood and check for your testosterone levels and endocrine system numbers, and for him to give you a referral to a psychologist where one can see if you have sociopathy and narcissism Hi. The shadow government which is a tentacle of the Global Elite own all of the mass media. They are responsible for all wars, false flags and the incremental taking of your freedom. Their goal is the complete enslavement of humanity. They are Satanists. It is a fact. The horrific rituals they do worldwide are all based on; the fact they worship a controlling force above them that is based in the Astral Dimension. Before you roll your eyes or call it crazy, please do the research. It is true. The Global Elite worship the Archons. The Archons are also known as the Lords Of Karma. They have enslaved humanity..This is the 100% truth: You are inside a Fake Universe. It is a Computer Simulation which is currently being run by THE ARCHONS. They are located in the Astral Dimension. After your death you will end up in the "Fake Heaven". It is an Astral Holding Area where you will remain for some time. Eventually you will be told that you owe "Karmic Debt" (which in a Holographic Universe does not even exist) You will be told the only option is to return to the "Earth School" (This is not a school. It is a prison. You are used as cattle, whether you choose to believe this or not) Your memory will be erased, as well as your current personality and holographic avatar. You will never be able to see, or remember your loved ones again. It is cruelty beyond comprehension. At that point you are sent back through "Forced Reincarnation" that never ends..I'll get downvoted into oblivion for pointing this out, but we have to resist the notion that the past = the present. That is to say, it's intellectually dodgy to equate the vile ethnic cleansing of the North American continent (in what was a political campaign) to the modern-day "mass shooting" phenomenon.

Mass shootings are when (a mentally unhinged) Citizen A goes and shoots Citizens B, C and D.

(All are in the same country, and hold the same nationality.)

Native Americans didn't become US citizens until 1927.

In 1890, when the Wounded Knee massacre happened, it wasn't a "mass shooting". It was a war.

Citizens of a Western political construct called "the United States" shot non-citizens of the United States.

Native American tribes (like the Lakota tribe or the Sioux nation) were seen as autonomous nation-states, and the U.S. signed treaties with them as if they were no different than Japan, Brazil or Iceland.

So now that you have the historical and geopolitical context, the reality is: We can't equate it with a modern-day school shooting, but with an on-going war. In terms of wars, 300 shot dead is child's play compared to something like the Firebombing of Dresden (which killed 600,000) or the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

To compare Wounded Knee to something like Columbine or Sandy Hook is disrespectful [and it minimizes what really happened]. This was not the result of a drug-addled teen stealing Mommy's gun and shooting randomly at strangers. It was a government campaign, done with cold, calculating deliberation. It was government policy.

But, sadly [even conceding to its ethical seriousness] as wars go, it hardly registers in the public consciousness because it was so modest in dimension compared with the bloodbath that was to unfold in the 20th Century.I don't need to let her know. Everyone in her camp knows precisely what she has. If I'm wrong, ok... I'll live...

but whatever she has... it's progressing and getting much worse...and soon we'll hopefully be rid of this evil being that has caused immense pain to the population of the world. (this is not conjecture)

If there is a hell-like dimension, I hope she somehow burns in it. Yes, that's my thoughts as well. I think in the past, our ancestors were dazzled by technology possessed by these sneaky perverts. Like the creepy wizard in the wizard of Oz. And so, perhaps that's why there was all that human sacrificing going on. 

For a while, they've tried to stay hidden and I can't help but wonder why? Is it because the demons they worship can't cross over to this dimension easily, so they take a vessel? 

Are different people, different delicacies for them to eat? I kind of think we're dealing with an ancient evil or giants that eat kids and live inside the earth. 

There were a lot of theories a while back, about how the elite are planning a final deception with like aliens or a second coming and I wondered, if there was some truth to this, how would one avoid being fooled? Well, they've kind of made it easy for us --- simply root for whichever deity doesn't eat or fuck kids. 
 
lol, yes I know, I need to take a break from r/conspiracy.    :P              Most of the people you see are not in their bodies. Their body is in too much pain from emotional/mental insecurity. This causes their spirit to hang out outside their body. The mind runs the body if the spirit is out, and you can see this across the board with people. Anyone running a fake social perspective is generally out of their body. Their mind's residual self image (RSI) is generating what they should say, do, and feel as a form of survival and safety. The actual act of getting in your body requires years of meditation to allow an energetic resonance and harmony between the spirit and body/mind.

Also, the mind cannot be freed from the body. It is a mechanism of the body. Your consciousness can be freed from the body, which I'll assume is what you are talking about. This is definitely possible, and attainable by any reasonable person, and even by an unreasonable person with enough determination. 

The internet is full of techniques for all sorts of astral projections and travel. Generally these are a quick fix, that allows you to hover in your room before slamming back into your body. The actual act of separation of spirit and body is a form of death. It allows you to learn about death, and feel the parts of yourself that are tied to the turmoil of the mind. If you can allow yourself to surrender those anxieties, you will find yourself much more capable of leaving your body.

Osho gives a great set of meditations for this. I have practiced these, and many like these, since 2003. They are simple, but very effective. Both can be considered dying techniques. Thus allowing you to die as your body lives on, aka, freeing your consciousness from your body. Another way of seeing this, and how it feels to me, is that the body and its fear of mortality are always there, as you release yourself from those fears, your leave more space in your reality for your subtle world. You basically become the higher self to the body, and as it goes on talking, eating, drunk texting, etc. you are able to sit in it, or out of it, and bask in the perfection of all things. There is no desire to control or change your body, because there is no desire at all outside of the body. This leads to a deep acceptance and love of your body, mind, failures, insecurities, and inevitable death. This eventually leads to the accepting of other people, their bodies, their flaws, and the ability to see each spirit connected to each body/mind.
 
The Death Meditations

The first one is the act of dying, and that requires laying down. It also will take at least a few hours, if not days, to really experience.
 
Once you find a comfortable position, close your eyes and take five very slow, very deep breaths. Breathe into the resistance in your lungs and body, see it as trapped tension. As you breathe in, you capture it, as your breathe out you release it. Do this until you have figured out how to become more relaxed, and release the tension in your body. Do this for all major tensions in the body. (This is also giving yourself a very efficient energy healing)

Now imagine your energy is being sucked out from all sides. Your very life essence is being exhausted. As you lay there, feel your body becoming cold. Feel yourself surrendering to your death. 

Over the course of an hour or two, your body should become very heavy and cold. So heavy that you can not move it. 

Now there are a couple different options here. Keep in mind this is the novice meditation. The real hardcore meditation takes you to your actual death, and at the point of your body being just about to die, you can stand up without your body. You can at this point use many techniques. My current favorite for getting out is the yo-yo technique. You will know you are at the right point when you can see through your closed eyes. This is your astral vision, btw. 

With eyes closed, and body totally relaxed visualize someone stringing a yo-yo down in your face, it starts at an imaginary hand about 3 feet above your face, and lands inches above you. As the yo-yo continues to go up and down, start feeling yourself moving with it. Slowly you will feel yourself start to move, which is impossible due your body being incapacitated. You will start to feel the seam of your awareness to your body. Slowly relax and allow yourself to rise out. If you make it out, let me know, and I'll give you three options for when you get out. This is getting a little long, and it takes a while of hard practice to get to this part. 

The second death meditation is very simple. Exhaust your body to the point of collapse, and as the body falls down, stay standing. This can be achieved through intense workout. I've also reached it during long fasts. Basically work the body until it cannot stand another second, and when it falls, stay standing. 

I am in no way responsible for the outcome of anyone who tries these techniques.

This technique is very challenging and somewhat dangerous. If you can do it, however, you will see where your consciousness is really located, and you will be able to go in and out of the body as you please. 

Like I said, both techniques require you coming to terms with your body's resistance one way or another. There are many paths to this, one need only bless what they are already experiencing, and they are 9/10ths there.

The experience is indescribable, but I'll try, because for years, I was never able to find someone trying to explain it. Watch the movie "Enter the Void" it is similar to that in one regard, that movie lacks the large spiritual download that happens, but imagine a reality where all information is known, and can be known to you through subtle feeling. The emotions of the body are turned down, and you can finally feel the interconnection of all things via emotional feedback. This allows you to pinpoint your exact core frequency. Once you do that, you will be able to see the whole world is created by your frequency. After that you can control your frequency to jump between an infinite amount of alternate earths based on your core frequency. Eventually you find the core of your belief in Earth and alter that frequency to harmonize with your one true essence. No death, no desire, no 3rd dimension, nothing. You can come and go as you please. 

This is all very advanced, but I hope this ignites your soul again to find who and what you really are.I've been exploring the whole extinction event / lost civilization theory recently as well. My thought is if this civilization was potentially advanced enough to understand how our planet related to the rest of the universe then it's possible they left earth or died trying. They likely would have had the technological understanding to go much further than the moon, but not in a space ship kind of way. If they had an advanced understanding of quantum mechanics it's possible they figured out how to leave either this galaxy, universe, or dimension.

There's a theory that the earths polar vortexes have the ability to be used as a gateway, portal, or worm-hole. Research Antarctica conspiracy theories and there's a lot of research dating back to this, particularly during WW2, the Nazis, and the 1950's. Supposedly Hitler and factions within the Nazi party were obsessed with this theory of ancient civilizations, flying discs, and Atlantis. It's possible that's why Hitler refused to bomb museums and certain historical monuments, and collected as much he could from the past seeking clues to a lost ancient civilization. It's likely that the US resumed much of this research after we defeated the Nazi party, and still have considerable research and military presence in Antarctica.

It's been further theorized Antarctica was home to at least some part of this ancient civilization or perhaps had a physical indicator of how to enter the earths polar vortex, and may still be frozen. 

Anyhow, this a wrinkle on your moon theory the combines wormhole theory, and could even considers quantum mechanics and multiverse theory. So you're definitively on to something, but it's probably more complicated than the moon / aliens. Waaat the fucckkk. Did we just pass through to another dimension. Also no one is going to be held accountable for snuffing internet dissent?? this is crazy the Liberals are crying in their wet cereal and the people who colluded against the progressives are slinking back into the wallpaperMany happen along the 33rd parallel. Zeta Reticuli genetic experimentation. From what I understand from channeled material, the Zetas dimensional World parallels ours, and shares some similarities.

 Their particular world experiment went south, so to say. And they corrupted their planet and their own biology to the point where their reproduction abilities became damaged. They are an example of a parallel earth that almost went extinct due to nuclear and biological warfare.

Though their particular line of development didn't go the fossil fuel route, but a technology of planetary grid energies and universal templates. They are more advanced in this aspect, than us.

So what is occurring is the zetas, or Grey's, are traveling here for genetic material to mutate their reproduction. Not just cattle but human subjects. So you could say that the Zetas and Humans will be a mutated Being, in our future. Because outside our dimension, Grey's can dip in and out of time, as well as space, so these experiments happen In  what would be 1000 s of years in our future, and past, and contribute to a reality outside of our space/time completely.

 most people do not look at Jill Stein because they are not in the same dimension, as in she literally does not even exist in their "reality"Is there any truth to project bluebeam from your experience? Are the surveillance drones operating in a different dimension/frequency or are they simply cloaked?  Can they be physically touched? Is the cube technology you speak of nanotech?  And if so how else do they use nanotech to keep us in servitude?  Are these projected thought forms be responsible for the negative intrusive thoughts most of the population experiences? 

Thanks for your info, everything you've said aligns with all that I've read, like they say, truth is way stranger than fiction. 

Finally have you witnessed or heard of renegade groups trying to get the drone technology (antigravity?) Or other humanity saving technologies out to the public?  I have been feeling...something.  It's been both good and bad, I feel like i'm just waiting for SOMETHING to happen.  Like something NEEDS to happen, or, are we really gonna just keep going the way we were before? Just gonna keep trudging along that way and hope for the best? 

I don't know if i'm waiting for Nibiru, second coming of christ, world war 3, aliens to come down and save humanity, aliens to come from a different dimension and say what's up, crazy new technology. 

I don't know what it is, but I just feel like something needs to change.  And if it all ends up being nothing and we continue trudging along the path we're already on, i'll be pretty let down and depressed. Thanks! kind one, I feel so identified with this. I came to the same understanding as you and finally starting seeing things that were there but until now I was finally able to grasp them and question myself as to why is it happening...

I was reading this : http://harmoniousearth.org/energetic-frequency-desity-and-dimension/

and just like you said too :3 in your post .The funny thing is a lot of people didn't like the plot of Crystal Skull because they thought Aliens were "stupid" compared to Nazi's looking for magic religious artifacts. The movie may have been bad but I think of all the plots it probably was the one most true to life. Especially suggesting the Aliens come from a different dimension instead of just outer space.Yes, were all living in Hillary's world now. Are you in a different dimension? She lost. It's over. Trumps your man now. The guy who had a lot of fun publicly humiliating a disabled reporter. I guess when he mocks the disabled it's okay. From another /r/conspiracy user:

&gt; (this list isn't nearly everything [...] ):
&gt; 
&gt; 1) Benevolent ET life exists, and has been peacefully visiting Earth since before we were throwing spears. As a species, we discovered their presence mainly during WW2, but it has been covered up since. It is known that their visiting us intensified dramatically after we started detonating nuclear bombs. ETs have been seen deactivating and/or "disappearing" nuclear missiles, both in their silos and in flight, as they see nuclear bombs as an existential threat to life on other planets. Because of our violent tendencies, the greater good of the universe (ETs) will not currently allow any human being past the orbit of Pluto. We are too violent.
&gt; 
&gt; 2) Human beings, being the violent ape species we are, have shot down and reverse engineered ET technology, which includes but isn't limited to: Scalar/faster than light weaponry, faster than light and silent dimension-warping and inertia-shielded travel, highly advanced genetic engineering and nanotechnology knowledge (including the ability to "grow" "robots"), large-object invisibility, monetarily-"free" and limitless energy production, extreme bodily damage medical repair (including limb, spine, eyeball, etc regrowth/regeneration). The scalar satellites now in place, can also instantly detect when ET craft "phase" into visible reality, and can instantly shoot them down (this is why the average person no longer sees flying saucers/ET craft; they're being actively hunted by these orbital weapons)
&gt; 
&gt; 3) And the most insidious concepts revealed: black-ops government projects exist that violently abduct humans under the guise of "alien abductions" (using the aforementioned "robot" tech to convince humans, subconsciously that aliens are "evil" and to be feared). They have done this to laymen as well as heads of large governments, to convince them that "Aliens" will assassinate them if they step out of line. This is all in preparation of a coming false-flag hoax "alien" attack that is being planned to, quite literally, militarize all of Earth itself for the benefit of the billionaire/military-contractor class. Aliens literally need NOTHING from humans, or Earth. All of Earths resources can be found throughout the cosmos in practically unlimited quantities, and war is nothing more than a waste of those resources. If we were at war with aliens, we would lose before we even knew how to respond to it.
&gt; 
&gt; 4) The president, and other heads-of authority are completely in the dark about all of this. It is considered "need to know" information. And the President, head of the CIA, etc, are usually not in the "need to know" group. These military projects exist without ANY government/public oversight, and are therefore operating extra-constitutionally (illegally). Therefore, anyone involved is not beholden to their security oaths if they desire to leak the information.
Demon has a very well established meaning with direct religious/occultish root. It has a very different meaning and connotation than "inter-dimensional being" when used in context of this cconversation. I think one of the big hurdles in trying to grok dimensions is that we humans have very limited perception or real-life understanding of dimension. If we talk about a worm-hole we soft of get the gist - a "hole" in space that you can use to travel "isntantly" between two arbitrarily distant points. That can be considered as a form of interdimensional travel, but the doesn't make the traveler an "inter--dimensional being" and it surely doesn't make them a demon. The same problem exists when speculating on faster than light travel via mass reduction and timespace warping. If it is possible to minimize (or eliminate mass) and if it is possible to warp spacetime to create a moveable spacetime "bubble" then you would be able to travel arbitrarily large distance in arbitrarily short amounts time. But again, that would not make you a demon.

Modern physics is a funny thing, because 100 years ago it was "fantasy" and 100 years from now it will be history. We aren't done learning about how the universe works and what kinds of machines can be made to interact with it.As an older person, it gives me hope. I knew you kids could do it! I'm so proud of you! A few battles have been won, but we can't get too cocky. Not until these people are behind bars or better yet, no longer existing in this dimension--where they can never hurt another person--especially a child. I'm so ashamed that many of them are from closer to my age. A lot of evil, selfish people with no compassion. I keep telling the kids I know, these bastards like Soros will be gone soon enough, so when it's your turn to take over, please be better people. And for Pete's sake, don't let Soros' sons take over from their evil father! Don't ever turn your back on these people or let them pull the wool over anyone's eyes ever again. Be wise as serpents and harmless as doves.shapeshifting? I thought he was just a dimension traveling multi pence.The whole Ascension/shift theory is interesting. It's been around for a long time. Even Isaac Newton predicted there would be some "end of the world" change thing happening in 2060, which is pretty close to now in the grand scheme of things.  Other sources that predict a shift soon: Researchers like David Wilcock, David Icke, Kerry Cassidy, ET contactees like Alex Collier, Tolec, Corey Goode, Simon Parkes. Channelers like Laura Knight-Jadczyk, Darryl Anka, Dolores Canon. The list goes on and on. Many of these sources can be pretty hostile towards each other, but they all agree that there's some magical shift to a higher dimension of existence happening. This phenomena, true or not is rather interesting. Either it's happening or there is some conspiracy to make people think it's happening.

But personally, having followed this type of fringe information for many years, I've grown quite jaded and cynical. They are constantly making predictions that don't come true. This shift was supposed to happen in the 80's according to old-schoolers like Edgar Cayce.... then it was supposed to be 1999, then 2012, the date is always getting pushed off. Given that, there's little reason to keep taking them seriously.

If there are ETs watching out for us and helping us, why is there not a shred of repeatable empirical evidence? Why don't they present themselves and communicate with us like adults, like equals? All the excuses like "it would scare peepul" are empty nonsense.

I appreciate the positive, hopeful sentiment, but the world doesn't need more empty fluff-bunny love-and-light drivel about invisible things are supposedly happening, when people have enough concrete mundane problems flooding our real reality.&gt; Maybe I have more red pills to swallow.

That's exactly it, the pills come in stages and the rabbit hole is infinitely deep. Once you figure out the NWO/Illuminati stuff, the bankster/globalist cabal stuff, its sort of like okay, what's next?

Then you realize we are being poisoned by Monsatan with pesticide drenched gmo foods, the plastics are leaching into the food/water supply which are endocrine disrupters and lowering testosterone making males more passive, the fluoride in the water lowering IQ and it also happens to calcify the pineal gland. So that begs the question, Hmmm what is this pineal gland?

Then you're off on a whole new red pill/rabbit hole/dimension. We all have this pineal gland, but what does it do?

Well you will have to go from there with your own research. But I will just leave you with this. I learned to activate this thing within myself using various teachings, practices, etc, and lets just say, 'buckle up buttercup.'

Also, whatever/whoever you think you are, is an illusion, just a thought, and this ego matrix has hijacked your true identity which simply behind this false identity. The silent witness is the true you...../

Enjoy:

http://www.albigen.com/uarelove/most_rapid/contents.htm

Then eventually you realize the Bohemian Grove meeting are doing black magic, offering to some being named Baal, Spirit Cooking, and all these other dark arts. That shit is real. You can do a spell in your home right now using various dark arts and some scary shit will manifest in your house and start knocking things over, glasses, lights flickering, doors slamming, etc. There's a legit whole other side to this stuffI have the same feeling... I feel as the universe is at war, a spiritual war.  These elites want to open the gates of hell and welcome Lucifer. They been opening up the 4th dimension with CERN. Christmas is a celebration for Satan and the pope and queen  Elizabeth said our last Christmas was last year. 
I prepared too bc I'm not about to go to FEMA camps if SHIT went down lol it's good to stay prepared. 
That sounds like haarp they use to cause natural disasters. I'm sure they are using the haarp for these gamma rays. Just remember classic Clinton methodology:

The Clintons (knowing how damaged they are) tried to project scandals they had onto their opponent. (They've always done this.) After Hillary had her seizure on camera, she had her friends in the media run stories asking about Trump's health. (Anyone remember that? See CNN's article "Clinton's Health Fine, But What About Trump?" http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/23/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-health/) Likewise with Hillary's illegal campaign funding paid for by foreign heads of state [not only a violation of FEC regulations, but an actual violation of the law), Hillary tried to distract from her Saudi and Moroccan benefactors by crafting the whole "Trump is a Putin agent" narrative. 

Another example of this phenomenon was exemplified by Bill's decades of rapes. In a bid to try and neutralize that issue, Clinton surrogates paid women within the last 3 weeks of the campaign to claim Trump groped them. Wikileaks busted out the Craig's List ads that the Clinton Foundation put out months before for actresses. They straight-up said that it was to play the part of a "Trump-victim". 

Several of the women backed out after they initially agreed to participate (and one of them [a former contestant on the "Apprentice"] admitted that Gloria Allred offered her $500,000 to claim that Trump groped her. Google it.)

But this whole enterprise was undertaken to confuse people who weren't paying close attention, and to make Trump disinclined to mention Bill's decades of rapes.

Notice how after the election all of Trump's accusers vanished in the mist?

(Bill's haven't.)

The same phenomenon was in play with convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. After it came out that Epstein wasn't just a close Clinton friend, but that he came up with the idea for the Clinton Foundation (and was a co-founder), the Clintons knew they had a problem. News stories were breaking about Bill taking 26 flights with Epstein to Rape Island. (Hillary, it later developed, took 6.) As even the mainstream media was reporting on Epstein being the chief architect behind the Clinton Foundation (which is significant as hell when you learn later about Pizzagate and its pedophile dimension) the Clintons had to try and silence Trump about it.

Method?

Just as in every other one of their distraction gambits, they tried to do what psychologists call "Projection". They accused Trump of being the one who was friendly to Epstein because he was one of 10,000,000 people Trump knew back in New York. But Trump only knew him casually (meeting the convicted pedophile only a handful of times) when both men attended charity dinners, along with Snoop Dogg, Mohammed Ali and Mike Tyson.

Just as Trump (as a showman) says diplomatic things about every celebrity and billionaire he knows, he said something about Epstein (before his pedophile scandal broke) like, "Yeah, I met him once. He's a nice guy."

The Clinton team ran with that, and tried to spin it into "See? Trump is buddies with Epstein, too. Just like the Clintons."

Except he's not.

Epstein has zero to do with Trump's businesses (in stark contrast to his role in the Clinton Foundation as co-founder). See article "Billionaire sex offender Epstein once claimed he co-founded Clinton Foundation": http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/07/06/billionaire-sex-offender-epstein-once-claimed-co-founded-clinton-foundation.html

And Epstein was never a personal friend, or confidant of Trump's.

The two men (as fellow billionaires) would occasionally be at the same charity fundraisers or dinners. (Trump would occasionally run into him like he occasionally ran into Bill Gates, or radio shock-jock Howard Stern, or Willis from "Diff'rent Strokes".)

But as for Trump and Epstein, they never buddied around on a personal basis, nor is there any record of Trump ever riding on Epstein's airplane. (Why would he? Trump has his own private jet.)

As I said: Wikileaks has all of Trump's personal information, and they straight-up said that there are no bombshell secrets about Trump. He was a hyper-busy [therefore hyper-boring] private citizen.

With his 592 businesses and hit TV show, he didn't have the leisure time of the Clintons to attend Spirit Cooking dinners, and attending seances to raise the ghosts of Eleanor Roosevelt or Gandhi. 

Basically, the contrast between Trump and Hillary was that Trump worked for a living. Hillary used the government to enrich herself, and (according to Wikileaks) worked roughly an hour a day . . . when she showed up at all.

One person's schedule was jam-packed, and the other had lots of leisure time for stupid bullshit and perversion.

In summation: Trump made his wealth the old-fashioned way: In the private sector, by making things: Buildings, golf courses, hotels, etc. Hillary made her wealth through creating a racketeering organization packed with pedophiles, who threw pedophile parties (using Clinton influence to get heads of state and powerful people to attend) whereby they filmed them and blackmailed them. These blackmailed politicians would then steer lucrative contracts to friends of the Clinton Foundation (who would then give a cut . . . a service fee . . . to the Clintons.) The Foundation was not just tied into the disappearance of Madeleine McCann (and thousands of other children), but into the pedophile scandals that rocked Washington DC [with Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert] to the pedophile scandals that hit the UK, the Netherlands, and most recently Norway. (Google the stories from last week, regarding Norway.) Heads of state in Italy, France, and a number of other countries are also implicated (but thus far have managed to stay ahead of the shitstorm). But just barely. As new developments emerge every day, they get more and more nervous (and more and more suspicious deaths are occurring as these people try to cover their tracks). But make no mistake: The "Clinton" Foundation is not really the *Clinton* Foundation. It's the Epstein Foundation, with Bill and Hillary as front people because they had access to powerful people and a massive rolodex. The Foundation was actually Epstein's idea, and it was Epstein who provided the initial lawyers and paperwork to put it together. The Clintons are probably as blackmailed as the other heads of state, with pedophiles Epstein and John Podesta being the real powers behind the throne.I believe he says that they exist in another dimension but can take over a human host. Whats a more perfect host than an elite member of society that makes the rules and governs over what your food can and can't do? Apparently human children are a delicacyYeah I'll blow your fucking head off with bits of stuff I know. Tesla knew much more than I know and how it all relates. Tesla is known to have wheels where a triangle would reveal which 3 numbers were connected in some way.

Basically what I am trying to say from my outside perspective is this.

For example if you were to change the amount of single digits to 6, (as in it would go 1 2 3 4 5 6 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 20 21, ect.)

When changed into that format, every prime number would end in 1 or 5.

I am down this rabbit hole far enough where I will tell you what I know in hopes you leading you closer to what Tesla knew.

Gravity isn't real. There is an electric force pushing us all down. Wherever our humanity goes it kills everything. Our entire universe is made of energy, it never dies, it's not possible. Free energy is a real thing. Free energy flying machines as well.

Basically the world of occult is knowing how to manipulate others. Everyone has been manipulated so hard it's hard to even answer the questions relating to the occult in fear of striking a cord in people. The occult ties into other things like hypnotism. Very strange things happen with the mind and how you can make it affect other people. For example, Charles Manson.

It is extremely easy to brainwash people which is why I'm weary.

God is a real thing and it's the universe. The farther you get down the path of truth the more it makes sense. Seemingly Tesla was all the way. The universe listens to you, to my knowledge it's how I've gotten this far. We will find out in the future if the universe really is leading me because I don't know what's even farther than this.

9 is the key to the universe because of various reasons.

The way Tesla thought more so was on the lines of simple maths and patterns. 9 is a pattern it is not math like we learn in school. 1 4 7, 2 5 8, 3 6 9.

In my opinion it's best to see the world as a magic being and to play with it from there. To reduce things as science has it today is an imbeciles way of dealing with it. To fix a helmet you don't put the helmet on and blind yourself until you fix the issue. We are blind. I'll throw in more that I believe Tesla would have said.

Horoscopes and the stars play a massive part in our beings. Our pineal glands give us our knowledge of the next dimension. To know when you are most active in the pineal you can look at the stars and your horoscopes because the stars are what affect us.

To go even deeper to give you all eyes to see I will shed more light onto things.

In the eyes you can see everything. All of your health issues and emotional issues are revealed in body language and in your eyes. Your eyes are a window to your body because your eyes represent your cells in your body.

Entities are real but aren't in my opinion. Basically I am just writing you everything I know that is related somewhat to Tesla. The world is best used and described as symbols. I do not care what hillary clinton is doing positive or negative, she is Hillary clinton. Just as Hillary Clinton is a symbol and there are no words needed to describe someone we already know here on conspiracy.

At the same time how are you going to describe things in mass? It's hard.

Basically the occult is various systems one being they create a symbol, for example in the bible it's "The Devil" or "God" and if you follow those symbols you can preform powerful things in your life by changing your frame of mind. Sadly all you are doing is changing your frame of mind.

If you are able to change your frame of mind to be perfectly in tune with all knowledge of the universe the answer will not only be obvious to you, but it will slap you in the face because it stands out so hard.

As Tesla said, he did not fail 7000 times, he found out 7000 ways it does not work. That shows the type of person he is.

If you are a man of symbolism, as I am, you can simply say, all of X I'm not going to listen to because of Y. If you do that enough you will be left with very few things to trust. Some people hate that, but I love it because it takes you right down to the grind.

I have eyes but being able to invent anything Tesla had is far out of reach in my opinion because of modern day finance.

If you are going to dig deep for truth I suggest you study the occult a lot. Think of a lot of ideas. The most truthful thoughts are ridiculed in my opinion.

Good luck, I suggest you read his books but even then you have to remember he likely didn't expect the world to be so scrambled today. He bashed science 100 years ago, today it's even worse, don't forget it.

I don't believe in outer space at all, and neither did Tesla I don't believe. I believe we live inside of a realm, likely there is a firmament above our heads. The north star never moves, everything around it spins nonstop. I hope this has been a good delve for someone looking into the occult.

Just for clarity, I am not sure if those beings are real or not, because I have had some very vivid experiences, awake, and asleep. Either way, nothing is here to harm you, we are here to experience. Peace and love good luck.Yeah, exactly, and from that 4th dimensional influence, the 3rd dimension manifests into the shadow governments, secret societies, Babylon money control system, religious cover-ups, etc. At the tip you have the conspiracies typically covered here in this sub, and it is great for prople waking up, I just wish we had more discussion beyond the surface.I keep coming across material referencing good and evil inter-dimensional beings which don't have bodies due to the dimension but are more like an evolved consciousness net. Humanity has one as well. The Draconid/serpentine influence comes from one of the evil/negative entities and this is who they worship (which then ties into the cult of saturn). &gt; Supposedly, these "demons" feed off of negative energy such as: fear, terror, torture, suffering etc.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; It is alleged that these demons are part of a hierarchy that surpasses any and all beings on Earth. 

What if this dimension is really just a collection point for harvesting negative emotional energy?  Demons could be the so called grey aliens walking among us.  Running our governments and media.  You could then view the whole planet as a giant cattle lot for greys.  

Makes me wonder about all the disclosure talk in those emails.  Maybe aliens do walk among us, but in return they harvest our children for "energy".  Why it's so covered up on such a grand scale across all countries.   Satanism could just be a play on words for human harvesting by aliens.  

This all like a mix between the movies URL_REPLACED.  All aspects of our society are designed to keep us asleep to the realization our only reason for existence is biochemical telepathic food for the space Morlocks.  Only instead of living below ground, they come from the skies. Child abuse has many aspects.

Traumatize a child before the age of 6, and it will not become the child it genetically would have expressed.

Child abuse is a sophisticated form of "human-hacking", a way to tap into the individuals sub-conscious, and create a "master-slave" relationship.

It also makes the child's psyche incredibly easy to mold later on, and through consistent repetition of trauma, the child will have an incredibly hard time contemplating another way of life, and will make it very hard to escape, physically later on in life.

This is the basics of the human child abuse issue - the more sophisticated topic is how these monsters in this manner create a "perpetual pool of resources" - with enough humans to be self-sufficient in the long run - economically, genetically, through (selective) breeding, and on top of that, they have access to unregistered humans to satisfy their every desire, which also functions as a method for blackmail later on.

These people are a coherent and spiritually fused entity, who do not look on humanity with eyes you and I possess.

But the interesting part, is when a human being is perpetually abused, it never knows what true rest (of the soul) is, nor the concept of "home", like you and I do.

Their lives is completely dependent on someone other than themselves, which makes them extremely alert.

So alert, many in the long run develop "abilities". 

-Abilities are another term for alertness - much beyond what carefree humans normally possess.

Their alert-levels are through the roof, and because of a constant instinct for survival and potential attacks, they are mentally prepared for anything, all the time.

During the First World War, this symptom was very acute for many soldiers, to such a degree, that many "blew their circuits" due to the extreme conditions of the "modern" war-machinery, constant hail of bullets, bombs and mustard gas - never knowing what was actually lurking around the corner - developing a "syndrome", which is just another word for "symptom", which is called "shell-shock".

This is niftly named "post traumatic stress disorder" in today's language, and is a way to describe how the human mind can break under severe life-threatening situations over extended periods of time.

The Human system has genetic traits that helps us escape a life-endangering situation - we have reflexes, a "fight or flight-response", help or escape and so on, which makes us very able to escape with our life intact if need be - but this response to trauma, or "extreme stress", is biologically "designed" to only last for a short duration - enough for us to either fight, or get the hell outta the situation.

The adrenaline which helps us become alert to danger in dangerous situations, are not meant to be in our systems more than a few minutes at a time. It quickly breaks down in the body, once released, but the kick that happens when a surge of adrenaline flows through the body, is the key to all this shit.

For the victims, they are overloaded through living under sexual abuse, physical and psychological/psychic trauma, and live a life in fear.

Fear releases adrenaline, and they become alert, but are unable to escape their predicament.

But the human mind is still a survivor - even if all seems lost. Due to extreme conditions, mental capabilities explore every nook and cranny of the situation, in order to somehow spot a god-damn light in the end of the tunnel - anywhere - anyhow - anytime. The mind may be slower than a computer, but it is infinite it capability - all it needs is time...

For the perpetrators, the adrenaline are mixed with endorphins and other endocrines as a physical response to their actions, which roots to the concept of control in a dangerous situation - and the power of having the life and fate of another human being in the palm of your hand is a complete chapter on it's own.

Suffice to say that this gives another rush all in itself for many of those who choose to break this moral barrier - and this act alone, not necessary the act itself, but the stimulation of one's own nervous system in this manner is more often than not more "animating and stimulating" than normal everyday living and surviving of the work of your own two hands.

Now I have laid the groundwork for my basis of the message I am trying trying to get across:

-Quantum computers = (Abused) human beings.

-Time-machine = A quantum-computer able to foresee what normal humans cannot - or in other words; "How do we not get caught for what we have done...?"

-Quantum-Tunneling = A quantum-computers ability to look through time and space to another dimension/reality - or in plain words: visualizing another, and preferably better scenario than which you may currently find yourself in.

Aliens may or may not be an actual reality - but I have to stay with what I see, and what I know - and because of the spiritual connection to things, I can safely assume that Aliens are a term coined for humans with minds "out of this world" - and with a perspective so beyond normal human understanding, that it reflects the term it conveys.

Any kind of "energy" term used in the culture today, derives from the very process of invisible information flowing between human-beings, causing them to relate to one another, and the environment, in every which way. Though Orgone energy is a very good attempt to describe the bio-electricity that animates us all. From my own perspective, if it is at all wanted; Orgone Energy is the closest term yet for how the Sun animates us, without getting into too much details.

Black Magic is a power-dynamic - always in play, and more devious in action than many dares to acknowledge.

Anyways - this is my way of interpreting the scenario without too much mumbo-jumbo - because there is actually shit going on - so let's try and stay with the actual facts, and thereby narrowing the playing field a little by speaking the same god-damn language for once. Babylon is where "The Gods" fucked up the language - these times are no different.You understand he works all year from the 5th dimension.  It just seems like he does it all in 31 hours.  Time has no meaning to him.Two of the four URL_REPLACED are located at the poles.

These are inter dimensional portals. At the north , you have The Northern Lights, an energetic portal that moves outward.

At the south, you have an inward dimensional portal. Agartha is not so much it's inside our hollow earth, or underground. It's in another dimension accessed  by this portal at the south of our Earth. And a few other places.

These are important areas on the surface of our planet. Earth has an energy grid. The poles are not just some arbitrary thing you tune a compass to.The collective screaming and crying of millions of minds trying to cope with their realities being turned upside down might be enough energy for the dimension shift itself, lol. Think about the places where there is non-fluoridated water coming from the tap, my county for example has made it illegal. There are also other entire nations that do not use fluoridated water. I see the same things as a person being dosed with fluoride. You see things on DMT because it is a drug and that's what drugs do. Yes I have taken DMT before and although it was very cool, I wouldn't call it a gateway into the 4th dimension.People around the world are collectively going through their own individual experiences to realize the greater truth. That this reality, this earth, the dimension that we live in; is far greater than the life that we are living. Humanity has constantly been divided for a long time, whether that be through religion, politics, income, gender or etc. These labels have been used to divide and conquer people by an elite that understands the mechanisms of control. But no more. 

Millions of people are waking up and seeing the veil of duality lifting. The us vs. them mentality no longer persists. People are realizing that we are brothers/sisters of the same tribe and the universal truth is love. If you love yourself unconditionally and for who you are; you can love your environment, those around you, and you are no longer dictated by fear. This truth and understanding will set you free. You will no longer fear your neighbour, want to keep up with the jones, or want to exploit another being. For the love you have for yourself and that of this earth will set you free. The Elite are all about transcendence, and living forever, and the secrets of the Universe [...] We are on this planet, and Einstein's physics showed it, Max Planck's physics showed it: there's at least 12 dimensions, and all the top scientists and billionaires are coming out, saying it's a false hologram. It is artificial; the computers are scanning it and finding tension points where it's artificially projected, and gravity is bleeding into this universe - that's what they call dark matter - so we are like a thought or a dream that's a wisp in some computer program, some God's mind or whatever. [...]

There is this "Sub-transmission Zone" below the third dimension which is turned over to the most horrible things - that's what it resonates to - and it's trying to get up into the third dimension (that's just a basic level consciousness, to launch into the next levels.) And our species is already way up at the fifth/sixth dimension consciousnally [SIC] (our best people). But there's this war, trying to basically destroy Humanity, because Humanity has free will. And there's a decision - which level we want to go to. We have free will, so Evil is allowed to come and contend (and not just good). And the Elites themselves believe they are racing, using human technology, to try to take our best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization, where they are going to merge with machines, transcend and break away from the 'failed species' that is Man. [...]

Google believes the first AI will be a supercomputer based on the neuron activity of the 'hive-mind' of humanity, with billions of people wired into the 'Internet of Things.' And so all of our thoughts go into it, and we are actually building a computer that has real neurons, in real time, that is also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures. So that they will have current prediction powers, future prediction powers, a true 'crystal ball.' But the big secret is, once you have the 'crystal ball' and know the future, you can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future. And so then it's the end of consciousness and free will for individuals as we know it, and a true "2.0" in a very bad way. Hive-mind consciousness with an AI jacked into everyone, knowing our hopes and dreams, delivering it to us - not into some "P.K.D. Wire-head System" where we plug in and give up on consciousness because of unlimited pleasure - but because we were already wired in and absorbed before we knew it, by giving over our consciousness to this system by our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system.[...]

The Devil, whatever you want to call this interdimensional thing that gives them advanced off-world technology, The Fallen One that's not of this world, is giving them advanced knowledge on how to construct these systems that have already been used before on other populations. [...] This is an interdimensional force that wants to influence us to build something that absorbs us and kills us, rather than the Divine free will we are given to build something much better that empowers the species. So the species is now making a decision about its entire future. [...] They believe we are this ugly, fallen, ugly species: we all need to be killed, they are the rich billionaires who are better than us, and they are going to merge with machines and become Gods and go to the next level.
You read, various books and authors. You read as many accounts and incidents you can and look for patterns. 

Governments lie. After WW2 they thought that they were doing the right thing by covering up issues related to UFOs. 

Classified at above top secret after WW2, UFOs represented another dimension for Government secrecy. 

The number of valuable incidents involving unidentifieds is staggering. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan_Air_Lines_flight_1628_incident

People often say that the subject of UFOs comes down to faith. It really doesn't if you are prepared to spend some time reading. It then becomes clear that we are being lied to. 

There are a number of UFO cases over the last 50 years that beggar belief. The government is either lying to us about their tech level, or we are being visited, Each possibility  is worthy of investigation to me. 

So... why aren't places with non fluoridized water more into the 4th dimension then? I have done it. Im by no means smart at all so I would say anyone can do it if you are able to follow a step by step manual. I have been to the other dimension. I doubt they are from that place. They mention physical beings in this rapport and the dmt realm is everything but physical. They did laugh at me when I got up there, kept saying: "Haha you believe you are that thing" - as in; You believe you are human. After that I got a bit more spiritual and realized my body is just my vessel and that we come from somewhere else. True story. Hmmm, well, something tells me you don't actually care and are just trying to bust my balls, but if you really wanna know, my answers to their questions are *precisely* "what I'm going on about":


~~~

Dr. Steven Greer, head of the Disclosure Project, has over 600 military and government witnesses - all willing to testify under oath in front of congress - that several key concepts have come to be understood as true. (this list isn't nearly everything but the main concepts regarding this discussion):

1) Benevolent ET life exists, and has been peacefully visiting Earth since before we were throwing spears. As a species, we discovered their presence mainly during WW2, but it has been covered up since. It is known that their visiting us intensified dramatically after we started detonating nuclear bombs. ETs have been seen deactivating and/or "disappearing" nuclear missiles, both in their silos and in flight, as they see nuclear bombs as an existential threat to life on other planets. Because of our violent tendencies, the greater good of the universe (ETs) will not currently allow any human being past the orbit of Pluto. We are too violent.

2) Human beings, being the violent ape species we are, have shot down and reverse engineered ET technology, which includes but isn't limited to: Scalar/faster than light weaponry, faster than light and silent dimension-warping and inertia-shielded travel, highly advanced genetic engineering and nanotechnology knowledge (including the ability to "grow" "robots"), large-object invisibility, monetarily-"free" and limitless energy production, extreme bodily damage medical repair (including limb, spine, eyeball, etc regrowth/regeneration). The scalar satellites now in place, can also instantly detect when ET craft "phase" into visible reality, and can instantly shoot them down (this is why the average person no longer sees flying saucers/ET craft; they're being actively hunted by these orbital weapons)

3) And the most insidious concepts revealed: black-ops government projects exist that violently abduct humans under the guise of "alien abductions" (using the aforementioned "robot" tech to convince humans, subconsciously that aliens are "evil" and to be feared). They have done this to laymen as well as heads of large governments, to convince them that "Aliens" will assassinate them if they step out of line. This is all in preparation of a coming false-flag hoax "alien" attack that is being planned to, quite literally, militarize all of Earth itself for the benefit of the billionaire/military-contractor class. Aliens literally need NOTHING from humans, or Earth. All of Earths resources can be found throughout the cosmos in practically unlimited quantities, and war is nothing more than a waste of those resources. If we were at war with aliens, we would lose before we even knew how to respond to it.

4) The president, and other heads-of authority are completely in the dark about all of this. It is considered "need to know" information. And the President, head of the CIA, etc, are usually not in the "need to know" group. These military projects exist without ANY government/public oversight, and are therefore operating extra-constitutionally (illegally). Therefore, anyone involved is not beholden to their security oaths if they desire to leak the information.

*Again, ALL of these concepts are first-hand witness testimony. Dr Greer and his team also disclosed all of this in 2001 at the National Press Club in front of the world media. And again, to be one of his witnesses, you must be willing to testify under oath to congress.

Does that about sum it up?They're running with this story to take the heat off them raping kids. The government have known about these ruins for thousands of years. They are keeping technology from us. Watch out for 'aliens' who will give us new technology, this is the great deception by the government, they are evil and will bring destruction. I'm not religious but I believe there is something in another dimension helping us see the truth through a mass awakeningOK, I'll translate it. 

 1. We begin this series of photos with the one that is surely the most impressive. It seems to have undergone a different treatment (?) than that of the next three photos. Is it a "cigar" that has been hit by a missile and is exploding at the surface of the water or a UFO that is coming out of the water and ready to fly? Note that no inscription appears on the original document in our possession. 

 2. Here are the photos that came with the letter. We present them in an arbitrary order that seemed logical, however it is maybe not the most sensible since we don't know if it the craft is flying, going out of or going into the water...It is worth mentioning that one can read in transparency on three of the photos in our possession, copies of the originals that apparently came from an American military laboratory: On the left on top: OFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPH. NOT TO BE REALEASED. CT On the right at the bottom and hardly legible, a part of it having been erased because of time: Unauthorized Disclosure Subject. Security Certificat. SSN 674. Criminal Sanction. High definition photos are available on our CDR

 3. (Top) On this photo, we identify without a doubt a triangular-shaped UFO. It seems to be in trouble. (Bottom) If the order that we have chosen for these pictures is correct, the UFO here seems to now go sideways before plunging into the ocean... 

 4. The next five photos show an egg-shaped object of large dimension that falls into the ocean. These pictures seem to come from another laboratory, SYGMA, about which we know nothing. Do these photos present a single and same event or are we dealing with two different events?

 5. (Top) The craft, which looks a lot like the one in the first picture, seems to be in trouble. Is it on fire? Does it come from the depths of the ocean or is it headed there? Despite the fact that its form perfectly resembles the typical "cigar" shape of UFOs, it is still impossible to distinguish more details of its structure. (Bottom) According to the letter from our "anonymous contact", the submarine was equipped with an analog camera, thus explaining the image overlay (or double exposure?) of the visible graduations (I'm assuming they're talking about the double crosshairs.)

 6. Too beautiful to be real, this "cigar" photo? We don't know, it might be the "banana peel" that would be used to discredit the other pictures of the dossier...Who was our anonymous informer? A reader of the magazine or a source wanting to share their secret? In any event, if we haven't been able to find these photos on the internet, maybe a reader will give us some information that has evaded us...

It is all true and much more. These people are Satanic. It is a fact. A group comprised of World Leaders and the Wealthy Elite. The entire group worships and answers to the ARCHONS. The Archons are Demonic Entities located in the Astral Dimension and communicate with the Elite through their insane rituals. Do the research and you will see..